---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/class-combos/the-muse/","noteIcon":""}
---

## [Role of the Master - The Muse]

Those born with the **Role of the Muse** are marked by martyrdom. They may feel at times that the world is out for them, even if they have done nothing wrong, they blame themselves for others’ actions and for their own inaction. But while they may dwell in self-deprecation and acceptance of the cruel world, a Muse’s life needn’t be surrounded by misery.  Their biggest strength are their friends, their love, the ties they form with them and how they express themselves. They are talented and amicable, understanding of others, and if allowed to blossom, their love for others and their interests knows no bounds. And just as their friends are inspired by them and seek to remain together, a Muse may need to trust their friends and accept their help to fully mature and escape a less than desirable situation. At their best, they are creative, encouraging and easy to get along with. At their worst, they can be solitary, pessimistic, and actively suppress their own emotions.  
  
Muses are shaped by their **Aspect** as much as their Aspect is shaped by them. Their environment and others hold an intense force over them, which may at times seem oppressive, yet at the same time, this can be a source of inspiration and strength for them. If backed up by their friends, or with enough conviction, a Muse can exert as much force back into their environment as it does on them. Their ideals, their thoughts, their actions, resonate with everyone they know, as if a tug-of-war between the forces of the world trying to shape them, against their own power to make things as they want to. Even if a Muse feels useless and like they aren’t contributing to anything in their team, they needn’t worry, as their mere presence evokes a powerful drive upon everyone they know.  
  
Being one of the Master Classes, Muses are the most Passive Class on the spectrum, as opposed to [[Class Combos/The Lord\|The Lord]]. And much like them, a Muse’s strengths lie in **Commanding**. Their Aspect exerts a powerful force over them that shapes the Muse’s world, so much so they may come to Embody the very forces of their Aspect. Inspiring those around them through the forces of their Aspect and their interactions with it and with them, their very presence exerts power, and everything they do is influenced in just the same way. A Muse should be careful not to embrace martyrdom, however, it’s in their nature to be self-sacrificial to aid those around them, and while this may be a way, their presence is always appreciated, if not outright needed in their group. Never wrong a Muse, for even at their worst, they are never truly alone.

### [[Class Combos/The Muse of Blood\|The Muse of Blood]]
