---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/class-combos/the-page/","noteIcon":""}
---

## [Role of the Giver - The Page]

Those born with the **Role of the Page** are a well of potential. Pages tend to liken themselves to others or create an ideal persona in their minds, which they then proceed to emulate and hide behind. Wishful, disconnected between their inner world and how they present themselves, their nature radiates innocence and kindness. They don’t take well to change, and would rather live in a static lie than accept a truth that’d shift what they’re used to. A Page may, however, be more aware and perceptive than they appear to be, intentionally shutting themselves away beneath their fabricated persona, in an attempt to lose accountability and tip-toe around unpleasant topics. Due to this, they may come off as daydreamers, childish, and sometimes even outright mean. And while they can definitely be rude, a well meaning Page is as charming as can be. Striving for their ideals, working towards their own goals, they can easily inspire others to want to spend time together, to help them out, to achieve what they want. At their best, they are inspiring, easygoing, likeable dreamers. At their worst, they can be manipulative, selfish and infuriating.  
  
Pages have a long way to go if they desire to obtain mastery over their **Aspect**. They are presented with one of the toughest challenges when it comes to discovering their self worth and true potential. Their development is slow, slower than that of the rest, and for this reason they need the help of others to fully mature. With their inspiring personalities, rather than directly making use of their Aspect, they tend to draw others to take control or aid them through it, although they may also call upon their Aspect to shield themselves from unpleasantness and hardship. Their strengths initially lie in the bonds they build with people and how persuasive they can be, or at worst, in how desperately and obviously they need help. But once matured, their drive, power and range of possibilities are second next to none.  
  
Being one of the Giver Classes, Pages are the Active counterpart to [[Class Combos/The Knight\|The Knight]], and similar to them, their strengths lie in **Serving**. In the case of the Pages specifically, it’s them who tend to be Served. Offered help by others, and Stockpiling their Aspect’s power for themselves, to begin with they may find it difficult to make direct use of their Aspect, forcing them to rely on others to steadily improve. This only makes the road towards maturation and self-improvement harder for Pages. However, if they manage to overcome the slow rise to their full potential, they may tap into the immense stockpile of power that is their Aspect. Making full use of their powers, a fully realized Page is an unstoppable powerhouse, a beacon of their Aspect capable of facing even the strongest of foes. Patience is key for the Page, and those that wronged them while they were still growing, will eventually face the consequences of their actions.

### [[Class Combos/The Page of Mind\|The Page of Mind]]
### [[Class Combos/The Page of Rage\|The Page of Rage]]
### [[Class Combos/The Page of Heart\|The Page of Heart]]
