---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/class-combos/the-seer-of-hope/","noteIcon":""}
---

Seers are the passive half of the Understanding class, with their counterpart being Mages. Seers tend to be a bit self-righteous, with a strong sense of fairness and justice. They fully understand their aspect, and share that knowledge with their teammates in order to give the group an advantage. They are among the most passive and strategic of classes.

Hope is the aspect of faith, motivation, goals, positive emotion, willpower, unlimited choices, and belief. It's counterpart is Rage. Ironically, Hope has strong associations with science in spite of being the aspect of faith. Though Hope is arguably the most powerful aspect it is notoriously difficult to use to its full potential. Hope players are often obnoxiously chipper, and entirely set in their beliefs with no chance of being swayed. An important milestone in a Hope player's growth is falling into despair. Despair is something every Hope player must face, and it's the player's decision to rise above it (or not) that defines them and makes them powerful.

A Seer of Hope innately understands Hope in all it's forms, and uses that knowledge for the benefit of the team. Being a Seer (one of the most powerful strategic classes) with the aspect of Hope (one of the most powerful aspects) makes the Seer of Hope an all but game-breaking strategist. That is, of course, assuming that they do their job correctly. Their knowledge of the enemies beliefs would grant them and their team an extreme advantage in battle, and the Seer's knowledge of their own team's motivations could prevent strife and fallouts. As Sun Tzu said in 'The Art of War', "It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles." The well-developed Seer of Hope understands both, making them a very powerful ally.

The role of a Seer of Hope in a typical Sburb session is passive, but still very busy: as the strategists who direct the other players toward the most positive outcome, they must map out battle tactics, issue orders, and constantly be on the lookout for any new variables that may throw a wrench in their plans, all while staying out of trouble themselves. While they may be powerful strategists they are pretty crummy fighters, and are better left leaving the dirty work to the other players.

Prior to reaching God-tier, the Seer of Hope would probably be a positive, insightful person with a few good friends. Their thoughtful nature would make them an ideal person to go to for advice - though they may focus more on facts or solutions than emotions when giving said advice. Expect them to be a bit of a motormouth when it comes to things they believe in, as Seers love to share information about their aspect.

Ascension for a Seer of Hope would be neither especially difficult nor especially necessary. Being such a passive class means that they wouldn't really need the power boost, because they probably wouldn't be fighting often in the first place. If they decided that they wanted or needed to ascend though, their powerful conviction would allow them to do so with limited emotional holdups.

Post God-Tier they would gain even more insight into Hope. Where before they could speculate with reasonable accuracy on the motivations of others, now the Seer of Hope could see the way Hope effects opponents and allies alike with absolute certainty. Their plans could become more reliable and elaborate. They might start talking about their aspect even more, though they might just as easily stop talking about it in its entirety.

The inversion of a Seer of Hope is a Witch of Rage: one who actively manipulates through negative emotions, anger, and limited choices. A way in which a Seer of Hope might invert includes becoming angry and rushing to the front lines to fight - something that would get them killed due to their poor fighting ability. While an understanding of one's inversion is necessary to become a well-developed God, going overboard and over-embracing it can only invite disaster.

The potential land of a Seer of Hope might be LOQAT, or the Land of Quakes and Temples. The massive underground denizen moves through an extensive network of tunnels, but its movements trigger small earthquakes which the turtle-like consorts believe to be the works of one of their many deities. However, the consorts have so many deities that they've forgotten which one is supposed to be causing the earthquakes! The Seer of Hope must piece together the tidbits of information that the consorts do remember and use their problem solving skills to figure out which deity is 'responsible' for the earthquakes. Inside of that deity's temple is the entrance to the underground network of the denizen.

Though Seers probably won't use their Strife Specibus often in the game, they seem to favor pointed sticks, such as canekind, wandkind, and needlekind. However, all Hope players use some kind of gun, such as pistolkind, or riflekind. Maybe the weapon affixed to the riflekind strife deck has a bayonet attached?

The greatest strength of a Seer of Hope is their powerful strategic skills coupled with their optimism, faith, and determination. Their greatest weakness would come from trying to act as a fighter rather than a planner, or from falling to despair.

Their unique power is predicting others' intentions. Though it may not seem as cool as mind-reading, it would be sure to lead them to victory in board games, debate, and even gambling. Not to mention it would make manipulating them all but impossible.