---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/10-blood-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Blood: The aspect of unity. Blood is down to earth, grounded and chained, has expectations, forms relationships. Blood is community, responsibility, care, effort, stability, obligation, and connection. Blood is running through everyone's veins and knows it.

Narrative connection: Character dynamics.
Blood's opposing aspect is Breath.

Those bound to the aspect of Blood draw their strength from bonds, from the trust and camaraderie that blooms among a group of people who all share a single vision. Blood-bound are absolutely leaders, but they inhabit more of an inspirational role than a commanding one. They are prophets, rather than generals, giving others the strength and motivation to keep fighting. The Blood-bound can dispense excellent advice even when their own lives and interpersonal relationships are disasters. They can be very "do as I say, not as I do" types. A Blood-bound can often be found on a sinking ship, forcing an endeavor forward with sheer stubborn force of will. No matter how bad things go, a Blood-bound can always count on friends and allies. At their best, they are charismatic, uplifting, and magnetic. At their worst they can be sullen, unkind, and set-in-their-ways.

**The Sylph of Blood** would be the one to Make Blood for Others. With Blood as Attachment, Bonds and Friendship, they would easily bring the team together, forging an Alliance and keeping conflict away from the group, to work towards a common goal. Using these bonds and hard work together to improve the team, and slowly build up to face any challenge in their way. Creating Blood and Healing Blood and Through Blood easily evokes the idea of blood transfusions and bloodletting as ways of healing, purifying the body from toxins and harmful substances, as well as closing wounds. And in the same way to protect those they care about, they won’t hesitate to Create Wounds on their enemies.

**The Maid of Blood** would have a similar power set, but aimed for themselves. Creating Bonds for their benefit may still unite the group, but with them as a superior, rather than keeping the group together, they would be the foundation and the ultimate lead. Creating Blood can easily be parsed as creating streams of blood, and Creating through Blood could allow them to create things out of their own blood, making even their wounds a dangerous weapon. Someone Made of Blood is bound to draw in people to their cause, charismatic and friendly, not afraid to pit an army against their foes

**The Knight of Blood** is the one who Serves Blood to Others. A true Comrade, and a true Leader, they seek Union of their group and will do anything to mend friendships together and stop their team from falling apart. Looking out for others, and genuinely caring for them, Serving through the bonds they have formed, and Serving towards a common cause. They never fight alone, for their most powerful weapon is those they rely on, and those who rely on them. And just the same, they may Serve through Blood, bearing their Wounds proudly, and using literal Blood as a weapon, or wounding those who oppose them.

**The Page of Blood** would be the one who is Served Blood. They are prone to making friends, and attract others to follow them, and in doing so, they may shield themselves through the connections they have made with others. Which is not to say they’re manipulating and using their friends- For a Page of Blood who rises into his role may be the truest friend one can make- And no matter how wounded or bruised they may be, their blood boils with power

**The Seer of Blood** would be one who Knows Blood for Others. To be able to tell what brings people together, the goals people should work towards, and how to coexist peacefully, in harmony. They may guide by befriending people, building up trust so they can be shown exactly what kind of path awaits them. And in the same way, they may Know because of their Blood, familiar bonds or genetic relation of some sort. They will work hard to show others how it’s done.

**The Mage of Blood** would be one who Knows Blood for Themselves. To know their family lineage and their heritage, to know what’s been passed down upon them and the struggle ahead. They may also be able to sense who they’d like being friends with instinctually- And if something were to happen to someone they’re close to, they could tell something is off.

**The Heir of Blood** would be one to Change Blood for Others. They may be focused in befriending those who oppose them, changing their bonds, or getting their friends to change their common goals to something distinct. And just as well, through the power of friendship, through the bonds they have built with those they care about, they may Change anything they may need to. Of course they may also Change into Blood itself, melting away into a puddle of the stuff. Bound to their duty, they should be careful not to go too far, there’s people relying on them, and no matter how important an oath may be, when it leads them down a destructive path, it’s important to reconsider what matters.

**The Witch of Blood** would be one to Change Blood for Themselves. Severing and building friendships and pacts with others however they see fit, they are easy going but their group may be fluid and in constant motion. Similarly, they may manipulate others through binding pacts, and of course, the ability to manipulate Blood and use it as a weapon is very likely. They may even be able to change their own blood, in hue or type, however may be needed. Of course, though, bonds, familiar ties and friendships are binding in both ways, and just as they may manipulate and change things, they should be careful of the power others may exert on them.

**The Rogue of Blood** would be one who Steals Blood for Others. Taking through an oath or a bond of sorts, they could turn a deal on their head and make someone’s trick beneficial in the end. They’re just as likely to insert themselves into a friend group, and pull everyone to them, or try to unite different groups by slowly taking their friendship and getting everyone in good terms with each other. Whichever the case, they may appear as quite the popular member of a group, and wouldn’t shy away from expanding the friend circle.

**The Thief of Blood** would be one who Steals Blood for Themselves. In the most literal sense, this would be a Vampire’s most likely Classpect, draining blood from others, but it’d also be the most obvious one. They may use their bonds to others and their relationships to get stuff for free, and they could prove to be jealous at times, wanting to take someone’s friendship for themselves and away from others. Ultimately though, the bond they build with others is genuine, they just need to be careful not to take too much of those they care about.

**The Bard of Blood** would be one who Destroys Blood for Others. They may be able to destroy wounds to some extent and cut the flow of blood, as well as break toxic friendships where one party’s obviously taking advantage of the other- However they should take care not to allow their team to fall into ruin by shattering their bonds either. If push comes to shove, Destruction through Blood could easily parse to wounding those who are against them, make them bleed.

**The Prince of Blood** would be one who Destroys Blood for Themselves. Powerful blood spells and very possibly the use of the Red Miles themselves, or literally make others’ blood boil within their bodies. They should be careful however, and learn how to destroy alongside their friends, through their Bonds, rather than breaking the Bonds they’ve worked so hard to forge, and hurt those they care about.

**The Muse of Blood** would be one who Commands Blood for Others. Amicable, friendly, and while completely capable of getting their hands dirty, they may have a pacifist nature. Trying to Command Friendship within others, to draw them over and bond over a common goal, to try and unite everyone under the same banner without needing to spill blood. And if they’re hurt in any way themselves, you better believe everyone they’ve ever interacted with will come in their aid to help them. Great uniters and inspirers, friendship may be their strongest weapon- And when you think of it, it may be the strongest weapon indeed.

**The Lord of Blood** would be one who Commands Blood for Themselves. Shielding themselves behind a group of people, or by their family. They’re not necessarily using them as shields however, rather they’re seen with enough importance to protect before those who’re beneath them in the Hierarchy. Bosses that may use their connections to bring down the downfall of those opposing them, but when the time comes, they too may Command for blood to be spilled, and fight with all they have for their cause.

