---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/11-life-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Life: The aspect of agency and autonomy. Life is foraging your own path, own destiny, self-direction, growing and strengthening. Life is nature, health, resilience, energy, progress, healing, vitality, and nourishment. Life sees its route and fights to take it.

Narrative connection: Agency/action.
Life's opposing aspect is Doom.

Those bound to the aspect of Life are the universe's healers. They are concerned with the betterment of themselves and those around them, as well as the onward march of positive progress. Deeply empathetic, they have an intuitive understanding of other's suffering and the best way of righting those wrongs. If you're poisoned, chances are the Life-bound have something for what ails ya. This applies to both physical and mental suffering, though it might not be a cure you'll like. They also have the tendency to put other's needs before their own, which never ends well for anyone, because the Life-bound can grow bitter if they feel their own self-care has had to be shunted aside. At their best, they are great listeners, caretakers, and nurturers. At their worst, the Life-bound are passive aggressive, and pushy-they're certain they know best.


**The Sylph of Life** would be the one to Create Life for Others. Given Life is the Aspect of Healing, and their focus on others, the Sylph of Life would appear to be the Ultimate Healing Classpect, however this is not necessarily true. While their Healing Potential is unprecedented, what they do with their Class and Aspect is up to them. Creating Food, they would be ones to keep their friends well fed, and Creating Wealth implies a degree of affluence. Creating Agency, empowering others to act on what they want to do, making those more driven, and Creating Life and Health- Healing any kind of wound, regenerating themselves and others, and perhaps, being able to Grow and Create Plant or Animal Life, living beings and constructs.

**The Maid of Life** on the other hand, would be more focused on themselves. Still able to Heal those around them, they put a great deal of importance on their own Agency and what they want to do, for themselves and for those around them. Self Regeneration and being empowered to act, building up their wealth to further their goals. Someone Made of Life is bound to be healthy and well fed, and just perhaps, a tad interested in offspring.

**The Knight of Life** would be the one who Serves Life to Others. This immediately evokes a Healer, as many others with the Life Aspect do, but it doesn’t stop there. Serving Agency to give others the drive and means to do things for themselves, and Serving through Life, communing with animal or plant life to protect that they hold dear. And so, they will put their Life on the line and Serve their Life to others if it’s needed. They may also be a literal waiter or waitress, Serving Food to those who need it.

**The Page of Life** would be the one who is Served Life. They may be coddled from a rich family, using their leverage to protect themselves, or they may be sickly and frail, making others want to take care of them, while they avoid having to act. But once it’s their turn to rise, even Nature itself may bend to their will, and there’s little that won’t be in their reach, if they just try hard enough

**The Seer of Life** would be one to Know Life for Others. They may know how to treat wounds and keep others healthy, knowing Nature and Biology, what plants do what, perhaps even to the point of communicating with animals and other living things. They’d also know Agency, what everyone is able to do, and how to empower them, how to get them to act for themselves, act on what they want to do.

**The Mage of Life** would be the one to Know Life for Themselves. They won’t fall sick and always know how to keep themselves healthy. They will see their potential, and what they could do, how to intervene and do what they want when they want it. Alternatively, they may also be familiar enough with nature and the wilderness to very attached to it, but with Life’s ties to wealth, it’s hard to say if living more in the wilderness would fit them too much. They’d also certainly Know how to cook.

**The Heir of Life** would be one to Change Life for Others. In the most literal sense, they may present themselves as someone whose arrival changes everyone’s lives, hopefully for the better. Whatever the situation may be, they may be a game changer. Changing others through their Healing, and Changing their Health, definitely sounds like they’d be able to cure ailments and wounds. Changing Wealth and Changing Agency could be seen in different ways too, but they should be careful to not end up enslaved by their own nature to change other’s lives, or consumed by their own privilege.

**The Witch of Life** would be one to Change Life for Themselves. Just as likely to change other’s life, they’re more likely to do it in ways they themselves feel is good, rather than what may be needed. Not just are they healers, they may also be able to extend their own and other people’s lifespans, Changing how long they will remain Alive. Either their drive, their position, or both make them likely to be able to do most things they want, a large sphere of influence and the power to manipulate it. But ultimately, this privilege and power to do as they will can make even the slightest restrictions all the more noticeable.

**The Rogue of Life** would be one who Steals Life for Others. With Life’s ties to wealth and privilege, they would definitely steal from the powerful and give to those with less agency, or even use a advantageous position to take something others may need. Stealing Food for Others that cannot get it, and Stealing Life from those who are complacent and making less fortunate people suffering, seems like they may be concerned with aiding those who can’t do much by themselves, by any means necessary.

**The Thief of Life** would be that which Steals Life for Themselves. Taking someone’s lifespan to add to their own, killing for their benefit, and building up their wealth and power, they may come off as absolute rulers, but as long as they set their sights on those doing wrong, there’s nothing wrong with that, right? Even if they may come across as greedy, they will share their boon with those they deem close enough, with those they actually care about.

**The Bard of Life** would be one who Destroys Life for Others. They may take care of parasites or illnesses. They could also be ones to waste money on anything dumb, Destroying Wealth. While apt destroyers of that which is living, they may shine when it comes to disregarding power structures they think are dumb and taking down those who are on top- But they should also be careful not to put themselves and those around them in a tough spot which forces them to do something they don’t want to, Destroying Agency, specially since they too may have some privilege which puts them in a better spot than their pals.

**The Prince of Life** would be one who Destroys Life for Themselves, and while they too may fight against privilege and social structures, they may be just as likely to use those advantages of theirs to get the upper hand and Destroy that which is beneath. Destroying Life may make them apt killers, however, they could also Destroy through Life, using nature or illness to their advantage and pitting the forces of nature against their foes.

**The Muse of Life** would be one who Commands Life for Others. They’d be absolute healers, no wound or ailment would be beyond their power to aid, and they would put every resource and bit of power they have in allowing those around them to be happy and do as they want. They should be careful not to be taken advantage of to restrict their own agency, however. But even doing such a thing would be difficult- Their boundless energy makes it difficult to go against them and properly hold them back, specially as even Nature itself may show to be on their side.

**The Lord of Life** would be one who Commands Life for Themselves. Long lifespans, immense power, they may be considered Eternal Rulers, those who seemingly live forever and cannot be taken down from their position of power. Their word is law, their will is absolute, and even beasts and plants may bow to their will. Whether this absolute power is used for the good of their people, or if they decide to take away their Agency and Command them as lesser beings, however, is up to them