---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/12-doom-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Doom: The aspect of fate and constraint. Doom works within the rules, within restriction, follows damands. Doom is burdens, prophecy, acceptance, necessity, limitation, punishment, and misfortune. Doom does not negotiate against the inevitable.

Narrative connection: Conflict.
Doom's opposing aspect is Life.

Those bound to the aspect of Doom are fate's chosen sufferers. It may not sound like an overly pleasant aspect to be aligned with, but it does come along with great wisdom and empathy. The Doom-bound understand that misery loves company, and they are ready and willing to provide said company. The Doom-bound won't fix you; they aren't healers. They are commiserators, aware that sometimes the only thing you can do for a person is let them know that they are not alone in their suffering. They are not the advice friend-they're the friend you go to when you need to vent about a rough day at work. They are not necessarily noble martyrs, either-the Doom-bound can become quite irate about their lot. At their best they are wise, kind, and non-judgemental. At their worst, bitter, resentful, and fatalistic.

doom in terms of these three characters is about trying to change or to avoid the bad fate, be it suffering or death doom bounds aren’t about accepting death in general so much as avoiding others or themselves from dying, suffering, being in a bad situation the avoiding of the doom can take many shapes, from literally taking a job to protect others (knight) to advising others and telling everyone not to do something that'd doom them (mage) to using the abilities you do have to help someone in one final effort (heir). but all of them with their own methods try to avoid others from suffering they dont heal, they dont nurture but they make things better or atleast a lot less bad. you can see it as removing poison, removing headaches, avoiding rotten food, avoiding the painful job, not letting your friends suffer from something you know about.

REMEMBER THIS IS JUST A TEXT ON THE THREE DOOM BOUNDS, IF YOU HAVE A DIFFERENT RESPONCE TO THE ASPECT DOOM THEN CONSIDER THAT SINCE ITS ALSO VALID

doom itself is bane, harm, suffering, poison, death, all that is unpleasant (THE IMPORTANT CORE)

doom bounds try to keep away from it, keep others away from it (THE EXTRAPOLATION FROM CHARS)


now more into the mentality/ personality of the doom bounds, all seeming pessimistic or speaking of the negatives often not hearing much about their positives. though they seem to all deeply care for people, and want to aid them even if its at the cost of their mental or physical health. they value of their own life but when they see others suffering they seem to find that more important than their own, not sure if they justify this or how they find this ok. other than that sollux and nanami seem to be very able to say what they dont like about people or the things that are happening, speaking of the negative parts of the world

i personally find this a pretty ok/ healthy way to deal with doom though it lacks self preservation/ is somewhat martyr like. maybe a doom bound who also keeps themselves away from doom would work too

__________________________________________________________________

**The Sylph of Doom** would be one to Make Doom for Others. Now this may seem paradoxical, as Doom is seen as something inherently bad, however there are different ways to see Doom. Ending things that are no longer needed and providing comfort to move on can be an important step in growing up, Healing through Doom. When bones break, they become stronger and break less easy, and in the same way, the Sylph may help bear through hard times. They could Create Limits to ensure those around them don’t push themselves too hard, and may also Heal Doom, causing decay and death to fade away, bringing forth something renewed and fresh. And in the same way, they could Create Doom for those who oppose those they care about, taking them out so they won’t cause harm.

**The Maid of Doom** on the other hand, would Make Doom for Themselves. Challenging themselves, breaking to rise up stronger than ever, Dooming that which gets in their way, and Healing the Doom from themselves, to keep on going, time and time again. It should be noted, Doom is also related to technology, so Creating Doom may also have to do with creating computer programs and technological gadgets, overcoming their own Limits by Creating things that are less limited. Someone Made of Doom could already be Doomed, but they could also Embody the End of those who oppose them. They could be Harmful, or they could be Accepting and Comforting. What they are to themselves and those around them, is up to them.

**The Knight of Doom** may be one who Serves Doom to Others. It doesn’t seem too helpful, but consider, they may be Serving their enemies Doom, or Serving them a defeat through Doom. Decay, limits, their end. In the same way, however, they may act as a voice of reason, setting limits for their friends, and showing them it’s okay to give up on some causes, before they hurt themselves. They may be willing to sacrifice themselves for the good of the team. They may also Serve through Technology, which could make them technopaths or simply good with that sort of stuff.

**The Page of Doom** is the one who is Served Doom. It doesn’t sound like a pleasant time, suffering losses and being told what you can’t do, shoved into inaction because of your own limitations. But it’s those who push through their limits that prove their worth, and even if they hurt themselves and fall in the process, every sacrifice they make makes them stronger, and in the end, they may just be the ones to deliver a crushing defeat to everything that stands in their way

**The Seer of Doom** would be one who Knows Doom for Others. Knowing the bad ends in the future, knowing the risk of death and pain, they are ones to be cautious and help others get out of situations alive and unharmed, doing their best to avoid heading down the routes they’ve seen. Knowing limits, they know how far they can go and how far others can go, to not overexert and push themselves too far. And Knowing Suffering themselves, while perhaps not able to prevent Sacrifice or Bad things from happening, they may be willing to be a shoulder to cry on and comfort about the things that are happening.

**The Mage of Doom** would be one who Knows Doom for Themselves. They may have bad vibes about things that could be dangerous, leaving them paranoid and always awaiting the impending doom. They may also be technologically-aligned, knowing more about technology and programming than others, as well as understanding their own limits. They will try to stave off their Doom for as long as they can- But once their time comes, they may show themselves complacent or accepting of their fate. Hopefully, however, their efforts to avoid the Doom they know so well may have actually helped them prevent it entirely

**The Heir of Doom** would be one who Changes Doom for Others. Avoiding whatever bad things are going to befall the Session, preventing death and illness and pain from taking place, but at the same time, they may Change things through Suffering and Sacrifice. This willingness to protect others from Doom and the possibility of suffering to bring forth a needed change may make them come across as reckless, but with a good heart. They may also be able to soothe pain, but every power has its limit, and overexerting oneself to the point of sacrifice is a risk they must be prepared to face.

**The Witch of Doom** would be one who Changes Doom for Themselves. To keep themselves alive, to bring themselves back from the brink, they may seem to never go down. And in the same way, they may manipulate Doom, to bring forth the demise of those who oppose them. They should be careful however, much like the Heir, everything has its limits, everything has an ending. And whether this ending is Good or Bad, may be entirely up to their actions.

**The Rogue of Doom** would be one who Steals Doom for Others. They may be able to heal and ease someone’s pain and suffering, or even someone’s death, but it may come at a cost. Either to themselves, or others. And in the same way, they may be unable to heal someone, but definitely share their pain with others, and ensure the load someone carries on their shoulders is never too much. They may also benefit from their own suffering, being given things for their trouble, or even using their apparent limits to fool others into lowering their guard so they can take from them.

**The Thief of Doom** would be one who Steals Doom for Themselves. Doom doesn’t seem to have many practical uses selfishly, which may parse the Thief of Doom as someone who suffers in behalf of others, and then uses said pain to justify their authority or that they deserve something. They may Steal through Doom as well, benefiting from something or someone’s death or pain, looting from them at their weakest, or taking advantage of people’s limitations to get away with what they want. Or perhaps they really do Steal Death and Suffering for themselves, having a more morbid or borderline masochistic behaviour.

**The Bard of Doom** would be one who Destroys Doom for Others. While they can be compassionate and merciful characters who try to stave off the pain and suffering of others, it should be noted that complacency can make them easily become accepting and fatalistic, simply allowing Doom to befall them and those around them, to be Destroyed by this. They’re also likely to be bad with technology in general.

**The Prince of Doom** would be one who Destroys Doom for Themselves. Actively fighting against some illness or curse, their character could revolve around trying to extend their life or overcome their obstacles and limits, push beyond, destroy that which is painful and bad. But they too could wield the power of Doom, Destroying through Destruction, one of the most direct, blunt and strong destroyers out there. In combat, it may be a test of endurance to see what breaks first, those they are against, or themselves.

**The Muse of Doom** would be one who Commands Doom for Others. They may be true Martyrs, that on who responsibility and suffering and pain befalls when something bad happens, but they are not going to let that stop them. They’re not ones to sacrifice themselves for naught, and they will Command Doom away time and time again to protect those they care about. Death, pain and suffering do not touch that which they love, and their sacrifice and pain may inspire others to follow after them and help them in the same way. Doom will only befall those who oppose the Muse.