---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/3-heart-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Heart: The aspect of feeling and self. Heart is the core of a person, their identity, passions and interests, the soul, feelings instead of thoughts. Heart is motivation, love, emotions, uniqueness, personal, individualism, bias, and passion. Heart follows itself.

Narrative connection: Inner self.
Hearts opposing aspect is Mind.

Those bound to the aspect of Heart are very concerned with their favorite subject: themselves. It wouldn't be a stretch to call them 'self-obsessed', but not necessarily in a negative way. They simply want to understand the one thing we all are stuck with for our entire lives, i.e. our own minds. Forging an identity is extremely important to the Heart-bound, and every decision and action goes toward building a coherent narrative of their own story. That isn't to say Heart-bound don't care deeply for their friends and allies; they just have a tendency to assume that everyone is as concerned with identity as they are. They are excellent at putting on and taking off masks as the situation calls for them. At their best, they are competent, imaginative, and steady. At their worst they can be overbearing, inflexible, and cold.


**The Sylph of Heart** would be the one who Makes Heart for Others, and with Heart’s Relation to Romantic and Emotional Attachment, they could be seen as a Cupid-like figure, making Feelings blossom between people they think would be good for each other, and improving relationships between others. They can be Healers of the Self, as therapists for those who’ve lost themselves, or even perhaps literally saving Souls that have been corrupted in some way. Creating Souls, similarly, could imply a degree of manipulation over what’s Living and what Isn’t, allowing them to give a Soul to inanimate things.

**The Maid of Heart** would have a similar powerset, but aimed for Themselves. While certainly able to make emotions blossom between others, they would be more likely to make these emotions benefit themselves, drawing people to be romantically interested in them, or drawing people together so that someone else is left available to them. Made of Heart could hint to them being quite romantically oriented, but it could also mean they themselves are a vessel for more than one Soul. With its Romantic meaning and the possibility of Creating or Mending Souls, Creation of Heart appears as quite the imposing power with intense ramifications

**The Knight of Heart** would be the one to Serve Heart to Others, and Serve through Heart. This could have several interesting connotations. Serving Heart immediately sounds as someone showing their romantic feelings to everyone, trying to Serve their romantic partners in any way they can. But at the same time, they could be seen as someone who Serves Romance itself- Helping others get together, as a third wheel ensuring people get together. It may also be their Soul that protects them, or a facet of their Self, either Projecting it or literally keeping on protecting those around them after Death, or serving the Spirits of those they care about after they pass, following their will and legacy.

**The Page of Heart**, conversely, would be one to be Served Heart. Living up to someone’s legacy, or having someone’s Self pushed onto them for some reason, they may hide their true Self in trying to live up to these set expectations, pushing aside who they are in trying to comply with those pushing them. But when they make this legacy Theirs, and when they stand up, not as what they’re expected to be, but who they Are, they will exceed everyone’s expectations. They could also, potentially, be literally Served Souls- Having someone’s Self or someone’s Soul literally trapped within them

**The Seer of Heart** would parse as the one who Knows Heart for Others. This could have different meanings, from someone able to tell who has romantic feelings for others and tell which two characters would be the best for each other, to telling apart someone’s true nature beyond the facade they’re trying to build, and in the more spiritual sense, being able to see the spirits of the deceased. Listening to spirits and following their advice, guiding and being guided by their Souls, and perhaps, even projecting their own Spirit to guide those who need it, or seeing through someone else’s eyes.

**The Mage of Heart** on the other hand would be one who Knows Heart for Themselves. They’d have a deep understanding of their own self and how they come across to others, and an uncanny ability to tell when romantic feelings are blossoming. They read people like an open book, and may directly commune with Souls to find the information they did, perhaps to the point of allowing themselves to be possessed to transmit a message

**The Heir of Heart** would be that who Changes Heart for Others. This may manifest as awakening romantic feelings within those around them, to make them see who’s their other half- But they’re just as likely to change themselves for others. Either physically or deep within, their self, their Soul is malleable and in constant state of flux. And while the manipulation of Souls is a powerful ability, it may come at the risk of losing their entire persona for someone else.

**The Witch of Heart** would, then, be the one who Changes Heart for Themselves. Manipulating romantic attachment has already pretty dubious implications, but the Witch specially should be careful not to fall into temptation and selfishly entrance those who’ve put their trust in them. Manipulating Souls can have many meanings, controlling ghosts, but an interesting concept would be that of a body swap, switching Souls to different bodies and even possessing someone else’s body, Changing them through their Soul, Changing their Soul. They should be careful of Romance or the Spirits taking too prominent of a role on their lives though

**The Rogue of Heart** would be one to Steal Heart for Others. Stealing Romance sounds like casting doubts upon a Relationship, and trying to get someone away from their current partner in order to give them a better half. Mediators in relationships and romantically focused, their way of being may, too, make others attached to them. And with the Persona and Soul, they may as well steal someone’s way of being in order to better themselves, or even take away their Souls entirely to give them to someone else, perhaps giving a stray Soul a new physical body.

**The Thief of Heart** would be one to Steal Heart for Themselves. When they like someone, they know they’re the best for them, and will not stop trying to get them together. Taking someone’s way of being to suit their needs, or even straight up stealing their Soul, hoarding the spirits and way of being of others for some purpose, the Thief of Heart should be careful of not going too far with those they actually genuinely like, lest they muddle their relationship. Additionally, Stealing using their Soul, manifesting outside of their bodies or even taking things away after having died and being a Ghost.

**The Bard of Heart** would be one who Destroys Heart for Others. Shattering toxic relationships and pulling people apart that are a detriment to each other, or simply prevent feelings from developing too far, to prioritize things and not fall into Teen Drama. And just the same, they may Destroy through Heart, building self-destructive Relationships to nullify two potentially dangerous elements in the Session, or Destroy Souls or through Souls in some capacity, spirit Communion is always a possibility here.

**The Prince of Heart** would be one who Destroys Heart for Themselves. Shattering romantic bonds, they may pressure themselves or others into dropping a relationship, and may suppress their own true feelings and shut down themselves at times. With the power of Destroying Heart, tearing Souls apart and Destroying through their Self, by Themselves, they may be capable combatants with raw skill and battle power, as well as being able to project or use Souls to Destroy things to an extent.

**The Muse of Heart** would be one who Commands Heart for Others. Like cupid, they inspire romantic feelings among people and create strong emotional pulls between people they may consider fitting, but relationships isn’t everything they are all about. They may allow people’s true personalities to come through, help them be true to themselves and not have to hide anymore- And just the same, they may Command the Souls of those lost, like being guided through the Styx, helping Souls find solace and having a direct line of communication into the Spirit World, for better or worse. 

**The Lord of Heart** would be one who Commands Heart for Themselves. They must be careful to not become manipulative with those around them, as their ability to make others attracted to them and take hold of someone’s True Being to shape them could come off as wrong and extremely imposing and forceful. They may Command through their Self, however, building up who they are to the point of inspiring others to follow them, and just the same, they may Command Souls, raising the dead or bringing back the spirits of those around them who’ve already passed away. Even after death, their Soul too may keep on Commanding and influencing those around them, making them specially difficult to take down