---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/4-mind-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Mind: The aspect of thought. Mind is unbiased decision making, apathy, black and white, blends in with the crowd. Mind is equality, ration, logic, reason, judgement, calculation, choice, balance, and justification. Mind pushes away feelings and thinks instead.

Narrative connection: Outer self.
Minds opposing aspect is Heart.

Those bound to the aspect of Mind are-you guessed it-the universe's great thinkers. But don't for a second think that means that they have all the answers. They are very concerned with remaining rational, and they have such a firm hold on the constant conjunction of their thinking that it's easy for them to see the multitudes of the choices laid out before them, which often leaves them frozen and unable to act. That said, when a Mind-bound finally launches into action, they can execute a plan with unbelievable grace and precision. Their identity is fluid-it can change from day-to-day, from thought-to-thought, from interaction-to-interaction. Remaining logical is more important to them than building up a solid foundation of "self." At their best they are great innovators, architects, and creators. At their worst they can be nasty, inflexible, and indecisive.


**The Sylph of Mind** would be the one who Creates Mind for Others. Mind as Thoughts, with the fussy nature of Sylphs, would put them in quite a bossy position, perhaps thinking they know better than those around them. Creating Choices and Improving Choices speaks of someone who weeds out the bad Choices and gives good alternatives to bad plans. However, creating Mind as the way they present themselves, and Improving Mind for others, may mean they’re constantly trying to adapt to how others see them or what others need, instead of focusing on what they need.

**The Maid of Mind** would, however, present themselves as the Active Counterpart. Making Mind for Them may refer to a strategist that keeps to themselves, always having a plan on what to do next, but possibly leaving others in the dark as they go. Creating Choice for themselves may have them be a bit of a Wildcard, going with what they think would be the best course of action, even if it forces others in positions they’re not comfortable with. Creating Mind for Themselves could also refer to someone hiding their true identity, showing only what they want others to see, and acting however is more beneficial to achieve their goal. Someone Made of Mind, may be at risk of losing their True Self to their many facades

**The Knight of Mind** would be that to Serve Mind to Others. Giving their thoughts to those around them, planning and strategizing for them they can be a good tactical asset. Serving Choices, they may try to give others a way out, an option they’re not considering that would be more favorable. And yet, in Serving through Mind, they would be prone to putting on facades and keep their inner self from coming out, showing others only what they’d want to see, or what would be most beneficial for others, bottling everything up within to more effectively Help.

**The Page of Mind** on the other hand, would be one to be Served Mind. Perhaps to an overwhelming degree, they may be pushed to make difficult choices, and in turn, to try and avoid confrontation and conflict by pretending to be a way they really are not. A Page of Mind may not be allowed to think and speak up for themselves by those around them, perhaps coddled, until they show their true worth. Until they break through and start making decisions for themselves, until they prove themselves a capable thinker and show unconsidered, ignored means may just be the key to success

**The Seer of Mind** is that who Knows Mind for Others. There’s little to say about this Classpect that the canon hasn’t already- Knowing when others are putting a facade, knowing where their choices will lead in the Timeline, and guiding others to not let them go down a self-destructive path, as well as knowing their own Choices and their outcomes just as well. They may also be able to read minds and see what others are thinking.

**The Mage of Mind** would be one who Knows Mind for Themselves. Prone to only choose to act on the choice that directly benefits them in some way, they may sense other’s intent and sniff their lies right past their facades, as well as having a great understanding of what facets of themselves appeal to what kind of people, letting them put on whatever mask may be needed to reach their goal

**The Heir of Mind** would be one to Change Mind for Others. In a similar way to how the Heir of Heart may change themselves for others, so may the Heir of Mind- But to a different degree. A Heir of Heart may lose their true self to these changes, and genuinely alter the way they are. But the Heir of Mind is more likely to change their facade- Pushing their true self aside. Allowing others to choose for them and follow along. This is not necessary however, they may as well be the one to Change Choices for the group, help those who choose wrong see another option. They may also change other people’s minds or thoughts, making them see in new ways, or learning to see things in a new light. They should be careful not to go too far, though, if their facade deviates too much from who they really are, they may start to wonder what part of them is actually ‘real’.

**The Witch of Mind** would be one to Change Mind for Themselves. The manipulation of thoughts and memories is very possible, influencing what others may think at any given moment. Malleable in how they act like the Heir, but more liable to know exactly what they want out of these changes, to not let them influence their true Self. Easy to switch strategies on the fly, and great at pulling the strings however they see fit, they may find themselves at odds between what they want, and the will of others. Imposing or having someone’s choice imposed upon, is never something that should be taken lightly

**The Rogue of Mind** may Steal Mind for Others. Taking upon the choices others don’t want to make and pushing through with determination, and taking strategies or ideas from others to incorporate to their own plans, their own style. Flexible and easily influenced by those around them, they may seem malleable as they take into account everyone’s ideas and piece their current way of being from them. They may also be able to Steal Mind to Give to someone else, in the sense that they can take someone’s thoughts or Memories and connect them to someone else, letting people share their Minds in a telepathic way.

**The Thief of Mind**, instead, would Steal Mind for Themselves. Stealing ideas they seem good enough to use, reading Memories and stealing what others may be thinking at the moment, they’re likely to take the initiative constantly, and choose to act in behalf of these ideas they have taken, in turn, stealing the Choice away from their peers. Determined and obstinate, but they may have trouble coming up with ideas of their own without help.

**The Bard of Mind** would be one who Destroys Mind for Others. Shutting down stupid choices and debunking theories or strategies that wouldn’t work, they may be the kind to think there’s only a single way to do things. A focus on the present or the future, too, could keep them from thinking back on the past, Destroying Memories and the way they may have been before, looking onwards.

**The Prince of Mind** would be one who Destroys Mind for Themselves. Shattering other’s train of thought, or completely erasing their memories of some event happening, to the point of completely leaving their minds a blank slate. Just the same as how they don’t allow others to choose for themselves sometimes, however, they may too leave themselves no choice in the way they act, and accidentally rail their path in a way they may not have intended. Of course, Destroying through Mind would also be telling of them being strategists and always keeping an eye out to ensure their plans won’t be thwarted.

**The Muse of Mind** would be one who Commands Mind for Others. They may try and share everyone’s thoughts together, and have powerful telekinetic abilities to do so, sharing everyone’s Minds so that they may be on the same page. But they should be careful not to forcefully connect these Minds and become a Hivemind of people with no Choice, their strengths should always lie in making sure everyone’s on the same page, and able to choose in the most rational and fruitful way possible. They may, too, be able to parse with Memories and commune with people, sharing experiences that could be useful.

**The Lord of Mind** would be one who Commands Mind for Themselves. Commanding Memories, they may bring forth new thoughts and memories within people to make them believe a false story, or they may write their own existence within someone’s psyche, as if they had always been there. Master strategists, they may have it easy to make those around them do their bidding, but this is a power that can be easily abused, and they should never go so far they make those around them into Mindless Zombies, simply accepting of everything they say and letting them choose for them every time.