---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/5-hope-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Hope: The aspect of belief. Hope is dreams and wishes, blind optimism, unstoppable force, the "there's always a way, nothings impossible". Hope is faith, possibility, positivity, will, imagination, and determination. Hope is a clear, enthusiastic "YES!".

Narrative connection: Convenience.
Hopes opposing aspect is Rage.

Those bound to the aspect of Hope are driven first and foremost by their convictions. They do right for right's sake, and are quick to come to the aid of anyone they deem to be experiencing injustice. That said, their views of the world can be quite black and white, so what they see as the "right" thing may not always be the universally accepted view. They put great value in the power of the imagination, the ability to dream up a better and more beautiful future. If anyone could dream a better world into existence, it would be one of the Hope-bound. They may sound like all sunshine and rainbows, but they aren't adverse to a little destruction, especially if they think they can replace it with something better and more just. At their best, Hope-bound are positive, caring, and warm. At their worst they can be narrow-minded and selfish.

**The Sylph of Hope** would be the one who Creates Hope for Others. A noble sounding God Tier, the ability to make others Hopeful could easily shift the tides of the Battle, make everyone trust there’s something worth fighting for. It could also refer to helping others who’re in a desperate place, and the possibility of Healing through Prayer. With its connotations regarding sexuality, however, Creating Hope and Healing through Hope could also lead to a bit more of a… Risque interpretation of this Classpect.

**The Maid of Hope** would similarly Create Hope, but as an Active Class, the Maid would create it for themselves. Always hopeful that things will turn out right, it would drive them forwards and, rather than directly make it for others, they may become a beacon others look up to. They may also shrug off attacks completely merely because they believe they can power through it, believing in themselves. And in a similar way, while being Made of Hope could stand as being a beacon, they could as easily appear to showcase their sexuality more than anything else.

**The Knight of Hope** would be one to Serve Hope to Others, and Serve them through Hope. They believe in their friends, and as long as their friends believe in them, they will do the impossible to protect them. Whether it’s literally weaponizing the power of Hope, or simply being empowered by the knowledge that not all Hope is lost, and in turn, showing those around them that there’s always a way out if they just believe in it hard enough, perhaps to the point of denying to be realistic and see when a situation is truly Hopeless. Conversely, with Hope’s connection to sexuality, it’s likely the Knight of Hope would be always available to anyone who asks.

**The Page of Hope** would be the one to be Served Hope. Believing what other’s say, making believe in an attempt to escape difficult situations, they may be at risk of ignoring what’s beneath surface level and come off as oblivious, not to say, also prone to being sexualized by those around them. Either by the beliefs imposed on them, or what they choose to believe to escape from reality, they’re held back. But once they push past it, once they overcome their insecurities, it’s this belief on those around them that power them, that push them past their limits, and in doing so, truly show everyone the true power of Hope

**The Seer of Hope** would be one who Knows Hope for Others. There’s always a glimmer in the distance, a possibility, no matter how dreadful a situation may be. Seeing the positive in the negative, and leading beyond a hopeless situation into a new opportunity, the Seer of Hope would be invaluable with their moral support, and their guidance to reach a satisfactory end. As long as there’s Hope, they will be able to get others out of whatever situation they may have gotten into, and as long as they believe there’s a way out, there will be.

**The Mage of Hope** would be the one who Knows Hope for Themselves. They won’t miss an opportunity to follow down a path that benefits them and makes them feel better, whenever the chance presents itself, they will take it. There’s no such thing as blind faith for them, they know exactly what they believe in, and will chase after it relentlessly. They may also come across as ‘save yourselves’ types, working hard for self-preservation no matter the situation. Additionally, with Hope’s ties to sexuality, both the Seer and Mage of Hope may be able to tell Innuendos and advances of that kind a mile away

**The Heir of Hope** would be one to Change Hope for Others. Make them believe in something, to put their trust in them, and just as well, they may Change the world around them through their belief alone. Their beliefs, too, may be malleable by their environment and change little by little. And curiously with its ties to sexuality, they may help those around them find their orientation. They should be careful though, Hope can be quite the powerful to cling on to, but sometimes, playing make-believe may muddle the reality of what’s going on in front of them.

**The Witch of Hope** would be one who Changes Hope for Themselves. Just like the Heir, they may change things through their beliefs, but they’re also likely to Change what others believe to what they believe. Imposing what they trust in on others. And when what they believe in demands something of them, too, they better be ready, lest they become the unquestioning puppet of blind faith.

**The Rogue of Hope** would be one who Steals Hope for Others. It could be seen as how for a faction to be Hopeful and bright, those who oppose them must be rendered Hopeless and know they can’t do nothing against them, but not necessarily. They could be ones to build their own beliefs and faith from others, trusting in what their peers put their trust into and reinforcing these beliefs. And just like that, their desire to get something may eventually end up paying off.

**The Thief of Hope** would be one who Steals Hope for Themselves. Even in the most bleak of moments, they know there’s always a possibility- And that possibility is them. Confident in their skills and their chances of victory, but they may require those on their side to believe in them to fully come on top, that which the Session puts its trust upon, while taking Hope away from those who oppose them.

**The Bard of Hope** would be one to Destroy Hope for Others. They may tear down belief in that which they don’t believe in, honestly thinking their beliefs are more real and important than that of others. However at the same time, they may be prone to allowing that which they believe in to be Destroyed, pushing them aside in the process. When at their best, though, they may wield that belief and wear it as a badge, using it to empower themselves and smite down everything that threatens that which they care about. With its connotations regarding sexuality, too, they may not be too appealing to those around them- Or on the contrary they may be a bit… _Too_ appealing.

**The Prince of Hope** would be one who Destroys Hope for Themselves. They may be as prone to wield their power confidently, as they may be to throw it all away and consider everything lost. They should be careful not to become the reason why all Hope may be lost though, lest they villify themselves. A double edged sword with immense potential for power, but a delicate view of themselves and what’s going on around them that could shatter their perception like a mirror.

**The Muse of Hope** would be one who Commands Hope for Others. They would be an inspiration to look up to, or the ones people are fighting for, chasing after them and in turn ‘Commanding’ them through this Hope they instil in them. The pressure of everyone’s Hope or Faith may befall on them, but as long as people believe, they will fight to do what they need to do. Just the same, however, they may be heavily sexualized or sought after, or even use sex appeal in order to get others to follow them, alluring them.

**The Lord of Hope** would be one who Commands Hope for Themselves. They may consider themselves literal higher beings, or they may even be, seeking the Faith of those around. They should be careful not to impose themselves on others, though, it’s easy to force others to Believe in you and command them through the Faith they have on them, letting them lead as easy as they may manipulate, specially under the risk of leaving others in a Hopeless situation. Self control is key for the Lord of Hope, as, with the ties to sexuality, they could easily become the… Most unsavory kind of ruler