---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/6-rage-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Rage: The aspect of refusal and rebellion. Rage is the ugly truth, holding back, immovable object, being stuck, "it's impossible, there's no way out".

Rage is cynicism, defiance, fury, negativity, anger, riot and revenge. Rage is a loud, guttural "NO!".

Narrative connection: Contrivance.
Rage's opposing aspect is Hope.

Those bound to the aspect of Rage are bringers of chaos. They posses great contempt for lies or false ideas, including the stability that false ideas can impart. To them, the true is far more important than the good; they would tear down a system just to destabilize it if, by their reckoning, it is built on faulty premises. Often the Rage-bound prefer anarchy to any of the alternate forms of civilization, which they believe to be riddled with lies and foolishness and obedient masses. They are bringers of confusion and doubt, and they can be frustratingly difficult to convince otherwise when they have attached themselves to an idea. If they sound dangerous, they are. The Rage-bound tend to be most volatile and unpredictable of the aspects. At their best they are original, revolutionary, and fearless. At their worst they are cruel, uncompromising, and vicious.

**The Sylph of Rage** could be seen as that who Creates Rage for Others. Not necessarily in the sense that they make others Angry, either, Rage is much more than that. Creating Rage for others means for the benefit of others, and ensuring people’s aggression are aimed at unjust causes and actual threats instead of each other is always a good thing to do. Inciting them to show their anger towards a common enemy, as well as creating Anarchy and through Anarchy, trying to take down an absurd system that oppresses others. Healing through Rage seems more difficult, as Rage hardly seems to correlate with Healing. You could Heal Rage, pacifying others, but Healing through Rage could mean different things. Perhaps inducing a berserk-like state in which adrenaline overpowers pain so people can go through. Or perhaps healing in mysterious and bullshit ways- Abusing plot shields knowingly.

**The Maid of Rage** on the other hand, would use their powers for Themselves. Creating Rage for themselves definitely sounds like being able to go Berserk, and in a similar way, they may abuse their own Plot Shields to power through anything in front of them. They may have confusing goals or use means that leave others questioning them, getting shit done but leaving confusion in their wake. Someone Made of Rage, may be someone who harbors a deep hatred for something deep inside, not necessarily all the time, not necessarily for everything, but definitely something practically consumes their being. They may also merely have a hard to understand or confusing origin

**The Knight of Rage** is that who Serves Rage to Others, or Serves through Rage. They may be able to make those around angry, but never without a motive- To push their common goals forward, to make them fight against and injustice. And in the same way, they themselves may be prone to being angered, and using said wrath to take down those harming their allies. In the same way, however, they may be prone to trying out means that shouldn’t work, but somehow do, or appear in apparently nonsensical ways or places to help those who need their help- Somehow overcoming obstacles that should be, by all means, impossible, leaving confusion in their wake.

**The Page of Rage** would be one to be Served Rage, or through Rage. Keeping themselves confused and unaware of the full extent of the situation they’re in, their attitude may be infuriating to those around them- And yet, their demeanor also makes it hard to keep hating them for too long. While possibly confusing or infuriating, it’s where this Rage is aimed that counts, and when they’re hurt or when they’re in a bad position, the anger easily bounces off of them, and towards that which is mistreating them. But when built up beyond this attitude, when helped be happier, they too may harbor hatred towards that which oppressed them, and usher their foes into utter chaos

**The Seer of Rage** would be one who Knows Rage for Others. Able to tell apart the dangerous and the mad, and keep an eye on those who may be more unstable, able to parse through what seems confusing and chaotic, they may appear level-headed, if perhaps eccentric. They may also guide others through violent acts, letting them know what to hit and how. And similarly, they could also be ones whose knowledge comes from having been down in the depths of madness themselves, Knowing Rage so that others don’t have to, having them stray away from chaos.

**The Mage of Rage** would be one to Know Rage for Themselves. Knowing what ticks them and ticks others and using this knowledge to their advantage, knowing how to confuse their foes to get the upper hand. They may be, however, infuriatingly vague, keeping what they’re doing or what they know to themselves and instigating distrust and confusion among their peers

**The Heir of Rage** would be one to Change Rage for Others. Pacifiers and Enragers, they may find it easy to confuse those around them, and in turn they too may become confused easily. A trickster, or simply another player thrust into chaos? While Rage can be good in moderation, going too far is dangerous, and the Heir may be just the one to keep a check on it. Easily malleable, however, they should be careful not to lose themselves to their anger, or let confusion overtake them and muddle their goals.

**The Witch of Rage** would one to Change Rage for Themselves. Enraging themselves during combat, pacifying themselves when they need, casting a shroud of confusion on those who oppose them, and manipulating through this confusion, they may be a source of in-fighting in either side of the battle, and cast the entire battlefield into a state of Anarchy. Destructive urges, however, should be kept in check. After all, addiction is a powerful thing

**The Rogue of Rage** would be one who Steals Rage for Others. Stealing through Rage is quite the potent ability as well- Taking moments of confusion, or Anarchy and lawlessness to Take whatever may be needed, others may not realize anything’s missing in the middle of the chaos until it’s already too late. And just like that, they may also Steal away the confusion and anger of those around them, at the risk of becoming aggravated themselves in the process.

**The Thief of Rage** would be one who Steals Rage for Themselves. Making things personal, they’re prone to being angered at anything negative that happens around them, only making them more driven to tear apart what’s in their way. In the same way, however, doing their own thing and pushing through aimlessly, they may end up being confused and unsure of what’s even going on anymore, but in the process, leave behind a clear picture for those who’re looking a bit deeper

**The Bard of Rage** would be one who Destroys Rage for Others. They may be pacifiers themselves, trying to get others to calm down or chill out, as they may be pacifiers of themselves, preventing themselves from getting too angry. And yet they too may fall prey of anger and confusion, and tear down everything that opposes them. Destroying through Chaos and Confusion could also make them perform destructive acts that may seem completely nonsensical on a surface level. With the Bard’s stereotype as a Wildcard, they truly may be as whimsical as they come.

**The Prince of Rage** would be one who Destroys Rage for Themselves. They may intentionally shut their violent urges off, as well, but their Strength comes from letting loose and ravishing everything in their path in a blind fury. Causing mayhem through Chaos and Rage, however, they’re likely to Destroy their own Confusion, ensuring they know what’s going on, and allowing them to push through even in the weirdest of circumstances- Perhaps, even, as the source of these weird circumstances.

**The Muse of Rage** would be one who Commands Rage for Others. While they could often be subject to violence and the anger of others themselves, they may be the ones who have the last say when it comes to violent matters. Inspiring Rage within others, Commanding them through this Rage, they’re bound to pit those around them against what they consider to be bad and unfair, making them act against a System and tear it apart, casting what they find to be against them into Chaos and Confusion.

**The Lord of Rage** would be one who Commands Rage for Themselves. Violent outbursts and a gain of power the more angry they are, they should take care to direct this Rage towards their enemies and not those they Command, lest they become abusive. Confusion, Chaos, Nonsense, they may be a force to be reckoned with, both from their sheer power, and the unexpected bullshit they may be able to pull off with no explanation in the slightest. They will abuse every little flaw and loophole of their story, and make those watching from afar wonder what the hell is even going on anymore