---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/7-light-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Light: The aspect of knowledge and illumination. Light exposes the hidden, brightens the dark corners, brings things into the spotlight. Light is relevance, illumination, luck, enlightenment, sight, visibility, definition, and attention.

Light brings itself to what is hidden in the dark.
Narrative connection: Plot relevance.

Lights opposing aspect is Void.


Those bound to the aspect of Light are the universe's knowledge-seekers. They are, above all, driven to learn and understand. They are great alchemists, able to take multiple sources of information and synthesize them into something useful. They are scholars and researchers, absolutely dedicated to knowledge for knowledge's sake. They are the ultimate students, and although that might conjure up the image of people sitting around peacefully waiting for knowledge to be brought to them, that couldn't be further from the truth. The Light-bound will go after knowledge with a fierce intensity that others may find distasteful. They aren't overly concerned with laws or norms, either. They often take rules as simple suggestions, instead searching for loopholes or work-arounds. At their best, the Light-bound are resourceful and driven. At their worst they can be fussy, pedantic, and insensitive.

**The Sylph of Light** is the one who Creates Light for Others. Recalling truthful information about others and about events to help those around understand everything better, they are loreweavers interested in getting everyone to understand the big picture. However, they may also be more focused on Creating Fortune, or even Relevancy, allowing someone to rise to the occasion, repairing that which is important, improving that matters. With a good deal of focus on what the best would be, and the means to lead down that path.

**The Maid of Light** would have similar powers, but more oriented to themselves. It should be noted that as Light Creators, it’s very likely both would be able to create flashes of light and solid Light Constructs. Making themselves luckier, increasing their relevancy, putting themselves in the Spotlight and owning it, someone Made of Light is bound to be the centre of attention

**The Knight of Light** would be one who Serves Light to Others. And one who Serves through the Light. Whether it may be Information or Fortune, the Knight may put effort into trying to keep everyone well informed and prepared for anything to come, and make their intentions clear. They may also be prone to helping others shine through, improve and become the centerpieces of the Session, whether it may be providing them with the insight they need, or training them to better themselves. And in the same way, so may they wield Light to their advantage, and serve those who need protection with it.

**The Page of Light** would be more akin to the one who is Served Light. Those helping them may be like instructors or teachers, sharing information with them, but they may as well share their fortune with them, try to make them into a more relevant person. They may hide in their studies or use their relevancy to escape accountability and action, but once pushed past this, once the student becomes the teacher, they may dazzle those who oppose them, and know exactly what needs to be known to truly be important and end up victorious

**The Seer of Light** would be that to Know Light for Others. They’re concerned with that which is Relevant, that which is Fated, gathering information and seeing what the Alpha Timeline may have in store for them. Letting them keep the Timeline on rails to not deviate into a Doomed Timeline, and guiding others to follow its path. They may also find the most fortunate outcomes, but that which may seem irrelevant or is hidden could stump them. They may also allow Light to guide them, whether it be literally, or metaphorically guiding others through the knowledge they leave behind.

**The Mage of Light** on the other hand would Know Light for Themselves. When you know Chance and Luck, no bet is too far-fetched, and they may trust what they know when making judgement calls. They will never miss something that’s important, no matter how small of a detail it may be. They may also put their trust in whatever Fate they think or have determined Paradox Space has in store for them, following along.

**The Heir of Light** would be one to Change Light for Others. They may change the information they have access to, adding upon ideas they had before and debunking wrong conceptions with new information. They may change what’s relevant and what’s fortuitous, making what seemed useless to become a centerpiece of their plans, and completely turning said plan on its head. Provided new information, they, too, may change, and even perhaps, change themselves into pure Light. They should take care, sometimes some things are not meant to be known, and being put in the spotlight may prove to be too much pressure eventually.

**The Witch of Light** would be one to Change Light for Themselves. Manipulating their relevancy to rise to protagonism or lie back as they see fit, and of course, manipulating Light itself. Mirages and blinding flashes of light are a given. Manipulating what information is available and what others know, and perhaps, with enough power and effort, changing what’s Alpha and what isn’t. But after all, it all comes back to the Alpha and its demands, and in the end, can they change fate, or are they still just slaves to it?

**The Rogue of Light** would be one who Steals Light for Others. Gathering information and offering it to those who are clueless, or making someone who’s risen to relevancy too much take a step back and let those who’ve been deemed secondary a chance, they may act as balancing factors to ensure no one becomes too self-centred and thinks they can simply do anything they want. And just the same, even with the Spotlight on them, they may be able to steal from right under people’s noses.

**The Thief of Light** would be one who Steals Light for Themselves. They know exactly what’s going on, and that puts them in the perfect position to take charge- Becoming relevant, stealing the limelight, they’re prone to put themselves at the centre of everything that happens around them, like a bright beacon you can simply not ignore. Stealing Luck and Fortune, too, may make chance just bend to their will, and taking away their Light, they may just leave those they oppose in the darkness- Perhaps even literally.

**The Bard of Light** may be one who Destroys Light for Others. Taking away knowledge of some events for their benefit, trying to not provide conflicting information that’d put their current team in jeopardy, they may appear to the team as a source of Bad Luck, but when fighting against the forces of inevitability and trying to tear down what fate has in store, does Luck really matter? They should, still, be careful not to break that which is important to the Session.

**The Prince of Light** may Destroy Light for Themselves. Using blasts of photons or lasers as a destructive force is likely, as is ensuring certain information doesn’t leak out. They may appear a bit secretive, keeping the truth to themselves and in turn likely knowing more about what’s going on than the rest of their Session. Blinding others could also be a very possible ability of the Prince of Light, literally destroying Light or destroying someone’s Sight. When someone rises to infamy, into the spotlight, they may be the ones to take them down.

**The Muse of Light** may be that who Commands Light for Others. Relevancy and Fate, they may be the ones driving the story, the ones that show what’s important and what must be done. Commanding through Information and True Knowledge, they would be ones to ensure everyone knows everything they need to know, about the lore of the world and where they’re headed. They may, also, become plot points themselves, relevant characters around which the story may revolve for one reason or another, putting them always at the centre of the action.

**The Lord of Light** would be the one who Commands Light for Themselves. Keepers of information, they may use what they know as leverage, or keep those they don’t think deserve to know what’s going on in the dark. With what they know, they may sway others to their side, or force them to act for them, and just the same, their Command of Relevancy would put them always in the spotlight, a position of importance for everything that is going on. Chance doesn’t exist around them, it’s only fate when they hold Fortune itself within their grasp