---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/8-void-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Void: The aspect of nothingness and the unknown. Void is a blank canvas, an empty page, a dark corner, a shadow concealing darkness. Void is secrets, mystery, invisibility, unexplained, ignorance, irrelevance, and uncertainty. Void obscures what the light can't reach.

Narrative connection: Plot irrelevance.
Voids opposing aspect is Light.

Those bound to the aspect of Void are the universe's secret-keepers. The unknown doesn't scare them-where others might see emptiness, they see potential. A blank page, an empty canvas, that's what the Void-bound live for. They value mystery and the unexplained, and are not particularly bothered by not having all the answers. Where others might be compelled to go out and seek answers, the Void-bound lean more toward casting doubt on what is already considered fully understood. They don't take much on faith and would rather live in a state of confusion than believe something that might be untrue or bow to intellectual authority. After all, in order for something new to be built, the old, rotting foundation must often be razed. At their best, Void-bound are wise, intuitive, and vibrant. At their worst they can be dismissive, indecisive, and apathetic.

**The Sylph of Void** would be one to Create Void for Others. Hiding and obscuring the truth, protecting others and protecting secrets from being found out, they’re masters at crafting lies and keeping secrecy. Of course, a Sylph of Void may also Create Irrelevancy, making it so that something they’re doing seems inconspicuous, as much as they may Heal through Irrelevancy- Staying out of the picture or shoving someone aside to heal while other things go on. Creating Void can also be taken as Creating or Bringing Forth something Horrorterror-related, as well as likely collapsing things into Black Holes.

**The Maid of Void** would have a similar powerset, but aimed to themselves. While Sylphs of Void may make use of their powers more passively, aimed to help those around them, the Maid would instead focus on their own well being- Laying low and seemingly harmless before bouncing back more powerful than anyone else, creating Void could be seen as deciding what doesn’t Exist, collapsing things into Nothingness, erasing things with their attacks, and seemingly just fading away into nothing when they are not actively doing something. Being Made of Void hints to their seeming lack of importance, perhaps to the point of not even existing at all or being mean to Be, until they do something to change that

**The Knight of Void** would be that who Serves Void to Others. This may sound paradoxical to the nature of the Knight, one who gives nothing to those they care about- And while it could be seen that way, there’s many other interpretations. One who Serves others through Nothing, one who Serves Secrets, they may be orchestrators, acting from the shadows and helping without ever being noticed, lying to ease those around them while they take care of threats. And in they same way, they may Serve Nothingness to their Enemies, erasing them completely to protect those they care about. They may also Serve the Void, comply with the Will of the Horrorterrors and act on their behalf.

**The Page of Void** would be one who’s Served Void. And in the same way the Knight of Void seems to go against the stereotype of the Knight, so does the Page of Void have the same issue, as someone who’s Served by Nothing. Shrouded in irrelevance, using their Lack to escape from the harsh reality, perhaps even as someone who simply, completely lacks any potential. And yet that’s never true is it? A hidden, secret power lies within, an unexpected Strength that may rise from the depth of irrelevancy when the time is right, when no one put their faith in them, to consume their enemies in Nothingness. Conversely, they may be Served by the Horrorterrors, raised to either be One of Them, or a powerful Conduit or Emissary of sorts, perhaps a Host for a Horrorterror. Or even stranger yet- Served by… Horses? Which are Void-coded for some reason

**The Seer of Void** would be one to Know Void for Others. This could be parsed as one who Knows Nothing, simply being unable to tell what’s going to happen, distracted with the Irrelevant, but it doesn’t have to be that way. The Seer of Void may, in fact, know what others don’t- Know their Secrets and that which has been buried, tried to kept hidden from everyone else. Using this knowledge of that which shouldn’t be known to lead others to an unexpected outcome, and showing them what truly lies behind the curtain. Similarly, they may know the Horrorterrors, their intentions, and their secrets more than anyone else.

**The Mage of Void** would be one to Know Void for Themselves. While it would seem Blind Prophets are thematically popular, a Mage of Void may be specially prone to being blind. They won’t shy away from a riddle and a mystery, and always know when there’s more than it seems at surface level. Keepers of secrets and enigmas, they may be an enigma in themselves. They may also know when their intervention is irrelevant, and make them lay back and away from seemingly important events

**The Heir of Void** would be one to Change Void for Others. Perhaps changing other’s irrelevance or their own could make secondary characters rise to the occasion, or perhaps manipulating the Nothingness itself would let them make things vanish and appear. Changing what’s hidden and secret to show everyone what’s really going on, and even changing into Void to completely fade away when needed. Susceptible to Horrorterror Influence, and to their own Irrelevancy, if they’re not careful, they may vanish completely from the face of their Session without a trace.

**The Witch of Void** would be the one to Change Void for Themselves. A very interesting way of parsing this Class would be one who’s allowed their own existence in a way, who’s Changed their Nonexistence, or they may Change other things’ nonexistence, allowing them to bring back things long forgotten. Likely to be changed by the Horrorterrors and Change with their dark arts, they’re a reminder that that which seems irrelevant or to not exist at all, may just come from the shadows and erase all that opposes them. Alternatively, however, they could be seen as one who’s unable to Change anything, bound to their Lack, and forced to watch as everything slips through their fingers

**The Rogue of Void** would be one to Steal Void for Others. Stealing secrets and uncovering the truth, shrouded in the darkness and in irrelevancy to spring up and take things away when no one’s looking, they may be experts in hiding or covering up their tracks. The canonical example gives an interesting twist to this Classpect as well- Stealing Nonexistence from an idea and making it real, allowing them to materialize things. But of course, this is not a power every Rogue of Void will have, nor a power everyone will come up with, but taking other’s irrelevance or reaching for that which doesn’t exist may still play into their roles.

**The Thief of Void** would be one to Steal Void for Themselves. Hidden, secretive, keepers of mysteries, but at the same time, they may end up being one unable to actually Steal, Stealing Nothing. Stealing the emptiness, the lack, could have a bit of a metaphorical meaning to it and let them ‘refill’ or ‘repair’ something in a sense, and of course, Stealing the power of the Horrorterrors, they may be able to take upon a more Grimdark-esque state without being necessarily influenced by the Will of the Dark Gods.

**The Bard of Void** would be one who Destroys Void for Others. They’re bad secret keepers, and while perhaps not intentionally telling others, things may just slip by them. Destroying through Irrelevancy or Destroying Irrelevancy, they could aid the rise to power of an unexpected character as a sidekick of sorts. And just like that, they too may allow the destructive influence of the Horrorterrors to take hold on those around them, and on themselves.

**The Prince of Void** would be one who Destroys Void for Themselves. They’re concerned with making secrets come to light, and while they may not seek out to unveil the mysteries of the world, whenever they get their hands on information that shouldn’t be known, they may expose it. As such they may gain leverage to try and become more relevant. Destroying through Void could have ties to the power of the Horrorterrors- But it could also showcase them as complete annihilators, able to disintegrate and collapse those who oppose them into Nothing.

**The Muse of Void** would be one who Commands Void for Others. They may be background characters, those who Command nothing, that have nothing under control, and which need the help of those around them to keep it together- However, they too may Command Lack and Irrelevance. Deciding what falls into obscurity and is left behind and forgotten, or holders of some immense Secret that would turn the world around them upside-down if it were revealed. Of course, they may also be ones to Command through the Will of the Horrorterrors, perhaps even as one of them.

**The Lord of Void** would be one who Commands Void for Themselves. Erasing that which they don’t deem fit under their reign, negating that which they don’t want, they may hold the key to the secrets of everything, and whether they unveil them or sit atop a throne of lies is completely up to them. Of course, they may take hold of the power of the Horrorterrors as well- And for a change, rather than being influenced by them, it may be them who use the Horrorterrors to their favor, as the dark arts and elder gods bend under their influence