---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/9-breath-aspect/","noteIcon":""}
---

Breath: The aspect of freedom and detachment. Breath is impossible to hold down, easy breezy, head in the clouds, go with the flow. Breath is breeze, movement, flight, weightlessness, indirection, and independence. Breath blows whatever way it feels like, not caring about much else.

Narrative connection: Plot development.
Breath's opposing aspect is Blood.

Those bound to the aspect of Breath are, above all, expansive. Flexible and driven, they leave an impact wherever they go. Like the breeze itself, they are able to sweep others up to carry along in their wake, but also like the breeze, they can be difficult to catch hold of or tie down. Although Breath-bound do make very good leaders, breath tends to be a very personal aspect. Often, heroism comes along as an offshoot of them pursuing their own personal stories. They lead by example, and will routinely be surprised that others look up to or feel inspired by them. They have a tendency to underestimate themselves, and not always out of poor self-esteem. They were just doing their own thing. At their best Breath-bound are motivated, adaptable, and forward thinking, but at their worst they can be volatile, avoidant, and gullible.

**The Sylph of Breath** would be one to Make Breath for Others. Creating direction, being leaders, it seems they could set the goals of their Session, pointing everyone to where they have to go, leaving a trail for the Session to chase after. Creating Freedom, liberating others, creating Detachment to break free of shackles, creating Motion where there was stillness, the Sylph would put things into motion and aid liberating those around them. Creating Wind, of course, would allow them to generate strong currents of air, as well as allow breathing where there’s no air. Similarly, though, they may expand already existing air to some capacity. As for healing through Breath, using their leadership to aid others could be a way, however healing through Breath evokes both Healing Kisses, and Aromatherapy to an extent.

**The Maid of Breath** on the other hand would use their power for their own Benefit. Rather than creating Freedom and Direction for others, they would certainly focus on doing what they want, following their own ideals without necessarily caring about how they’re leading others. They would inspire others by how they seem to get their way and do whatever they want, but in their wake they may simply separate from their group. They may not even need to Heal Themselves if their detachment from conflict ends up with them not even being harmed. Freeing themselves, Detaching themselves, someone Made of Breath would be boundless, and yet in the process, they may end up distancing themselves from everyone else

**The Knight of Breath** would be one to Serve Breath to Others. Allowing others to have the Freedom they need, allowing them to move freely, and perhaps, even to detach themselves from other issues and focus on their personal goals. They’re facilitators, doing what needs to be done, and either inspiring others to do the same, or doing it so that they don’t need to do anything, either Serving a Leader, or Serving as the Leader. And in the same way, they may Wield the Wind to protect those that need their help, and Serve those struggling a Breath of Fresh Air.

**The Page of Breath** would, instead, be the one Served Breath. Being forced to move or be put on the move, making them chase after their goals and the plot, trying to put them into a position of Leadership, and in doing so, likely pushing them away little by little. They may escape into disinterest and apathy, simply doing their own thing to escape their responsibilities. But if they overcome the obstacles, they may rise as a figure worthy of admiration, worthy of following, by their own grit and determination, by their easy-going nature and constant forward motion. But even with a following, they cannot be shackled, for they are Free like the Wind

**The Seer of Breath** would be one to Know Breath for Others. Knowing motion and direction, they may know exactly where to go next. The paths everyone should head towards for self-improvement, to reach their goals, and using their position of leadership, they may guide them to follow these paths. They may also, however, know detachment and guide through it- Teaching others to relax and when to just lay low and when it is better to take it easy.

**The Mage of Breath** instead would Know Breath for Themselves. A clear goal in mind, and the intention to chase after it even if they leave the others behind in the process. Furthermore, they may have a knack for following rapid movements, no matter how fast it is, they can sense where they’re going and when they will reach their destination

**The Heir of Breath** would be one who Changes Breath for Others. Of course they may also Change through Breath, using a position of Leadership to change things. Malleable and carefree, their influence on others may be unintentional, just as they may pick upon others’ influence without realizing. Manipulating the Winds and changing into Wind are a possibility, but from freeing others or using their own freedom to change things for others, they’re incredibly flexible and versatile. But they should be careful too, freeing themselves may come at the risk of leaving even those they care about behind, or leave themselves detached and with no purpose at all.

**The Witch of Breath** would be one who Changes Breath for Themselves. They’re likely to go do whatever it is they wish to do without thinking much on what they SHOULD be doing instead, detached and free, the leader of their own stories. Which is not to say they don’t care about others or about winning, but they’re more likely to have a goal of their own. Their actions may alter the flow of the Session, the direction the story is taking, but they should watch out lest this change they inflict happens to be for the worst

**The Rogue of Breath** would be one who Steals Breath for Others. In a sense, they may be the more Robin Hood-esque of the Rogues, taking from those in positions of Leadership, or even taking Leadership from those higher up to give it to those less fortunate. They may, however, also use their role as a leader to take away from others. Detached, free, they’re not bound to anything and as such may have no problem taking and sharing as they see fit. And of course, they may Steal Motion and Direction to stop someone in their tracks.

**The Thief of Breath** would be one who Steals Breath for Themselves. The most obvious and direct use of this power would be to literally leave someone without air and oxygen, suffocating them. They may also simply be so incredible they take their breath away. They may see themselves in a position of Leadership even after having been rejected as such. Stealing Motion and Direction for themselves, they may also prove to be quite fast, and take away anything they want before they even realize it’s gone.

**The Bard of Breath** would be one who Destroys Breath for Others. They may highlight a major problem the group has to face, Destroying their detachment for that issue so that it can be taken care of. Just the same, they may be a hindrance or put a halt to someone’s goals or objectives, Destroy their motion and make them reconsider where things are going. Of course, they may also be able to clear the skies or stop the wind from blowing completely.

**The Prince of Breath** would be one who Destroys Breath for Themselves. They may not consider themselves worthy of the position of Leadership or to have earned other’s respect, but their actions may lead them just the same. They should be careful not to shatter their own goals, and take it easy with that they’re after. Destructive wind powers, suffocating their foes and choking them, there’s several ways to parse them like this. And just the same, they may realize they have been ignoring some big issue, and Destroy their Detachment from the situation to fix things.

**The Muse of Breath** would be one who Commands Breath for Others. The one to inspire the events of the plot or start the journey, they are likely not directly responsible for anything that happens, but definitely a driving force for what’s going on. A McGuffin, detached from the adventure at large, but still providing it with Direction and Commanding where to head to next. Commanding the Winds, storms and weather follow their will just as well, and Commanding through Freedom may leave them becoming that one character that seems to always accidentally find what needs to be found or do what needs to be done without even trying.

**The Lord of Breath** would be one who Commands Breath for Themselves. In their pursue for their own goals, they drag everyone and everything with them- They point in the direction things must go to, and those around must either follow suit or be left behind. They’re free to do anything they want, but with this lack of bonds or restraint, they should always be careful of who they’re affecting with this pursuit of theirs