---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/god-tiers/all-aspects/","noteIcon":""}
---

Aspects are described as "the basic building blocks of everything that exists within paradox space"; a cosmic property that relates MOST to a player and that they have the potential to BEST excel at.

A player's aspect is always something the player starts out STRUGGLING with in some way. No one ever has total control or knowledge of their aspect right off the bat. It is something that challenges the player and must be learned over time so the player can grow and reach their full potential as a Hero of their aspect.

Aspects are a neutral and nuanced concept- no aspect is inherently good nor bad.

The 12 aspects: Breath, Light, Time, Space, Life, Hope, Void, Heart, Blood, Mind, Doom, and Rage
_____
Titles are just simple descriptions of a character or person and don’t describe their entire self and in the most literal sense use only 2 to 3 words to describe something, class of aspect. when figuring out a title, describe a person or character simply, use only one or two sentences and from that you can develop a title. it does take some practice, but beyond that it is a simple process in a simple and intuitive system.

for story writers or character makers or classpectors, treat the title as a simple description of the character that more can be done with later. god of chaos and disorder, defender of the family, one who fights with the book, an old skilled scholar of the weird and unkown, a handyman that doesn anything to serve their boss, these are a few of the many possible titles that can be turned into a classpect (or atleast one part of the aspect or class). now with the basics out of the way lets continue to defining everything  

The extended zodiac is right about the aspects and lunar sway but there is more to their description (notice how light doesn’t mention luck in the extended zodiac yet when Andrew hussie describes vriska or james roaches aspect of light they describe it with luck for them)

________
# [[God Tiers/1. Time Aspects\|1. Time Aspects]]


**The Sylph of Time** would be that who Makes Time for Others. This could be seen as them being keepers of the Timeline, ensuring their friends have enough time to fulfill their Quests and reach their Goals. It may also relate to literally freezing things in Time to give an edge on how much Time they have left. Healing through Time could be akin to allowing them to increase or improve the natural healing of their body, making fresh wounds scar instantly, or letting regeneration kick in more quickly. As the Aspect representing strife and destruction, however, they may also incite fighting and challenge- Healing through strife could be seen as trying to toughen people up for what’s to come.

**The Maid of Time** would have a similar set of abilities. As the Active Counterpart, however, they would primarily Make Time for Themselves. While still able to perform actions for others, their focus would be internal, self-improvement through time and perhaps training, fated recovery and even rebirth. Making Time and Improving Time for themselves could be a similar skill to the Sylph’s supposed Time Freeze, but more oriented to protecting themselves and giving them the Time they need to escape or do what they want. They’ve got all the Time in the world to do what they need- They’re Made of It after all

**The Knight of Time** would be that who Serves Time to Others. Also as one to Serve through Time- Using Time Loops to give a short Session enough time to be fruitful or going back in Time to aid those around them, as we see in the comic. They’re also ones to spend their Time serving others, and those who Fight for the cause they deem just, and will use Time in whatever way is needed to reach their goal.

**The Page of Time** on the other hand, would be one to Serve Themselves Time. Someone who makes others stick up for them when they can’t, and that are offered other people’s Time to make up for their own lack, someone who Serves Themselves Time and waits, for things to get better or for things to happen in due Time. And when the Time is right, they may rise and exert a powerful control over Time itself. Serving others Time could also be parsed as ageing enemies through attacks

**The Seer of Time** would be one who Knows Time for Others. A clear map of the Timeline, perception of the Past and Future… However, other Seers can have similar abilities of clairvoyance. What makes them special is the way their Aspect narrows down the paths they can see. As such, with Time being the most broad Aspect regarding the paths the future holds, it’s likely they would be able to see everything branching out in front of them, unsure of what path is going to be taken, or what path would be the best, and having to learn to parse through the mess of interwoven Timelines. They may also be able to tell when an Battle is incoming and prepare for it, and just the same, they may be to see everything as if Time moved in slow motion, letting them get ready to counter any incoming attack.

**The Mage of Time** on the other hand, would Know Time for Themselves. While Seers and Mages may have very similar powersets, Mages seem to rely more on instinct or a sixth sense than what they can see in detail in their mind’s eye. An uncanny knowledge of the Timeline, being able to sense the way things are going to go down, urging them to keep them the same or change them as needed. Perhaps, even knowing ahead of time how your next move is going to go down during a Strife, preparing for the best moment to strike, avoiding conflict that would only end badly for themselves

**The Heir of Time** would be one who Changes Time for Others. Inevitability is a troubling concept in many ways, the idea that things are fated to happen. As such there’s no one better suited to deny inevitability than a Heir of Time, with enough knowledge of what’s going to happen next, it’s their job to manipulate the Timeline to head down one path or another. They may also be more likely Change events that are going to happen through Time Loops and Time Travel. And just like that, they too may alter the flux of Time in battle. However the Heir of Time should be careful, lest they be consumed by the Timeline, left Doomed, consumed by constant Strife, or losing themselves to the amount of time they spend fixing things up.

**The Witch of Time** on the other hand, would be one who Changes Time for Themselves. They’re manipulators of Time as well, speeding up and slowing time are practically a given, and when it comes down to it, what happens in the Timeline may be left entirely up to them. They may as well be Changed by Time, changed by a life of Strife and fight against the forces of inevitability, for better or worse

**The Rogue of Time** would be one to Steal Time for Others. Taking up the time of those they’re opposed against to give more Time to their allies could be seen as them acting like a nuisance, bothering and Strifing constantly as a distraction of sorts. Stealing Time, they may also be able to negate some part of the events that happened in the Timeline, and of course, using Time Travel to easily scavenge and take that which is no longer there would make them quite efficient thieves.

**The Thief of Time** would be one to Steal Time for Themselves. Scavengers, waiting for the moment they can spring to action and take what they want, or even hopping into a Strife at the best moment to steal the credit. They should be careful not to take much of their allies’ Time, and much like the Rogue, their control over Time may allow them to negate things or the flow of Time itself around them, perhaps making their own little distorted Bubble of Time flowing differently.

**The Bard of Time** would be one who Destroys Time for Others. They could nullify the effects of ageing by destroying their flow of time, or on the other hand, they may Destroy through Time and speed up the process of ageing and decay dramatically. They may be ones to break through the Time Loops for some reason, splintering the Timeline, or at the very least incite the limits of the Timeline to be tested, and maybe, with luck, break the game enough with Time Shenanigans that they don’t have to follow the Alpha anymore.

**The Prince of Time** would be one why Destroys Time for Themselves. With the meaning of Strife and the few possible uses Destroying the Timeline may have, the Prince is more likely to use Time to Destroy- Time Clones and loops carefully crafted to ensure the destruction of their enemy, shattering a Span of Time as if it hadn’t occurred to avoid its effects, Stopping Time by ‘destroying’ or reducing its flow, the Prince of Time would be a powerful ally for sure.

**The Muse of Time** may be one who Commands Time for Others. They may fight against the forces of inevitability, struggling to keep the Timeline together and lead it away from strife and decay. Even in a Doomed Timeline, their will alone may allow it to Persist for long enough to either try and fix it, or merely escape outside before inevitability consumes all. And just the same, they may completely halt or speed up the flow of Time, allowing them to act and aid where they may be needed, regardless of time constraints.

**The Lord of Time** would be one who Commands Time for Themselves. A possible source of conflict, they may live for the thrill of the battle, and exploit Time to their advantage with Time Clones. Their most powerful weapon however, would be Inevitability, as the Timeline bends to their will and Time Loops. With fate on their side, however, they should never lie complacently and let things run their course, lest those they’re opposed to find a way to break beyond fate itself, or worse, disregard the Time Loops and cast everyone, including the Lord, into a doomed Timeline.
# [[God Tiers/2. Space Aspects\|2. Space Aspects]]

**The Sylph of Space** would be that who Makes Space for Others. Space is the Aspect of Creation, which puts the Sylph as the Creator of Creation- Able to physically shape the setting around them for the benefit of others could be quite the strong Skill. In a more metaphorical sense, they are pacifiers and auspistices, separating people, putting Space between them for their benefit, and of course, able to ‘Create Space’ within people, they could be seen as people able to tear others in half. Healing Space, on the other hand, could be seen as mending tears in the fabric of reality.

**The Maid of Space** would have a similar set of powers, but aimed for Themselves. Along with the already inherent implication of laying back and isolationism given by the Aspect, Maids of Space may be ones to push things holding them back away, creating Space between them. Shaping reality for themselves and however they see is most beneficial to their well being. Creating and Improving Space could, additionally, be seen as allowing the creation of Pocket Dimensions and Hammerspace Enclosures, letting them put away and retrieve things from spaces that seem too reduced. Of course, someone Made of Space could act as a Portal or gateway to other places themselves, or even come to Embody the Universe in the same way Sn**o**wman did

**The Knight of Space** would be one to Serve Space to Others. Teleporting is a given, or a Portal ability of some kind, through which they can easily warp anywhere they may be needed to Serve, like a sort of Omnipresent being. Using Space to Serve others is a powerful skill, able to make use of everything Physical, of Dimensions, everything from growing bigger to using practically everything effectively as a weapon. And in turn, Serving their Space to others may parse as giving their place to others, switching positions whenever needed, as well as Serving Space between them, isolating themselves for other people’s good.

**The Page of Space** however, would be that who’s Served Space. With its connotations of isolationism, someone being Served Space by others can be parsed as being left alone, and isolating themselves to not have to deal with problems sounds interesting. Being Served through Space, could also parse as being remotely aided by others, or perhaps even being served because of their Size- Whether it’s someone Big that makes others consider them to have stronger potential than they have, or so Small they make others want to protect them. And in due time, even alone, they will show the world the power of the Universe, their mastery of everything physical around them, and perhaps, even of their own physical form.

**The Seer of Space** would be one to Know Space for Others. Where the Seer of Time seems more focused on the broad development of the Timeline, the Seer of Space would be more linked to Omnipresence. Able to see, at any given moment, everything that’s happening in their general location, picking and choosing what places or people to survey, and preventing nasty surprises or unexpected developments. They may also be able to see how specific objects or material locations may fare in the future or in the past, tracing the timeline of something specific. And of course, with its ties to Creativity, Drawing and the Setting, they may do prophetic drawings or sense how the setting is going to change, giving them a chance to prepare for any upcoming problems.

**The Mage of Space**, however, would Know Space for Themselves. An understanding of the Physical World, they’d be accurate and never miss when they put their mind on it. Science or Art may come naturally to them, and without even having been there before, they may already know a place like the back of their hand, allowing them to easily find hidden rooms or spot ambushers before they jump on them.

**The Heir of Space** is one who Changes Space for Others. The manipulation of Space is a seriously powerful ability, but it’s also not the only thing the Heir would be able to do. For one, the may also Change themselves, dissolving into particles or even changing the composition or shape of themselves. They may alter the battlefield entirely and help the Session move on to other places when all seems lost. Changer of Creation and Changer through Creation, they could just as easily invent or make the tool that’d mark the difference between victory and defeat. But the power of Space is immense and lonely- The Heir should be careful not to be consumed by this power, lest they are left behind, and alone.

**The Witch of Space** would be one who Changes Space for Themselves. More likely to directly manipulate Space, we see this power manifest in canon as having a complete control over the Dimensions of items and the Momentum they hold, but other properties may as well be subject to this. Terraforming and modifying the landscape of their Session as they may see fit, creation beckons them, but much like the Heir, claiming immense power always comes with a risk.

**The Rogue of Space** would be one who Steals Space for Others. This makes them sound like kleptomaniacal hoarders, that will take anything physical they may need useful for the future. And in the same way, they may be able to take away proportions or certain characteristics from one thing and give them to another, shifting sizes around or infusing certain materials in some way. The use of Space to Steal could also imply portals or teleportation, and Stealing Creativity could imply a tendency of taking ideas from other people.

**The Thief of Space** would be one who Steals Space for Themselves. Anything that isn’t bolted to the ground belongs to them, and just you wait until they get a saw and rip even that for themselves. They’re not ashamed of stealing virtually anything in order to further their goals. And when it comes down to it, it’s not just physical objects they may take for themselves- Taking upon the characteristics of objects around them or forming armor of some sort from materials around them, they’re not beyond changing their bodies with what they take to end up on top

**The Bard of Space** would be one to Destroy Space for Others. Destroying through Space may mean their ability to reach out with drawings or art of some sort to destroy a physical location, prophetic pieces of destruction, or perhaps a good old fashioned destruction of anything physical in their way. One could also think they could Destroy the isolationist connotations of Space, bringing their Group together- Or allowing Destruction through their own Isolation, not intervening in a fight and simply letting things go awry.

**The Prince of Space** would be one to Destroy Space for Themselves. The connotations of this Classpect could be that they’re able to rend and crush anything they set their sights on, whether it be simply shattering or disintegrating it. Destroying through Space also could imply a degree of Teleportation to use for combat, much like Bec Noir does. And in turn, Destroying Creativity, they may also come across as logical and cold, or with a disregard of imagination.

**The Muse of Space** would be one who Commands Space for Others. An inspiration of creativity, they may infuse others with the desire to create, and just the same, they may influence that which is around them through their own creativity, through their own art. While at risk of being isolated from the rest, they may wield the immense power of Space itself, and take hold of the Setting, deciding to bring forth something new for everyone, or tear away what’s already existing.

**The Lord of Space** would be one who Commands Space for Themselves. With an iron grip on everything that exists physically, and the power to decide whether it exists or not anymore, they shape reality as they see fit as a creator God of sorts. The Universe is their sandbox, to the point even that which they draw may become a reality. And with such immense power over that which exists, they may as well be able to directly interact with every part of said Universe, an Omnipresent entity, that can be anywhere and everywhere all at once.
# [[God Tiers/3. Heart Aspect\|3. Heart Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Heart** would be the one who Makes Heart for Others, and with Heart’s Relation to Romantic and Emotional Attachment, they could be seen as a Cupid-like figure, making Feelings blossom between people they think would be good for each other, and improving relationships between others. They can be Healers of the Self, as therapists for those who’ve lost themselves, or even perhaps literally saving Souls that have been corrupted in some way. Creating Souls, similarly, could imply a degree of manipulation over what’s Living and what Isn’t, allowing them to give a Soul to inanimate things.

**The Maid of Heart** would have a similar powerset, but aimed for Themselves. While certainly able to make emotions blossom between others, they would be more likely to make these emotions benefit themselves, drawing people to be romantically interested in them, or drawing people together so that someone else is left available to them. Made of Heart could hint to them being quite romantically oriented, but it could also mean they themselves are a vessel for more than one Soul. With its Romantic meaning and the possibility of Creating or Mending Souls, Creation of Heart appears as quite the imposing power with intense ramifications

**The Knight of Heart** would be the one to Serve Heart to Others, and Serve through Heart. This could have several interesting connotations. Serving Heart immediately sounds as someone showing their romantic feelings to everyone, trying to Serve their romantic partners in any way they can. But at the same time, they could be seen as someone who Serves Romance itself- Helping others get together, as a third wheel ensuring people get together. It may also be their Soul that protects them, or a facet of their Self, either Projecting it or literally keeping on protecting those around them after Death, or serving the Spirits of those they care about after they pass, following their will and legacy.

**The Page of Heart**, conversely, would be one to be Served Heart. Living up to someone’s legacy, or having someone’s Self pushed onto them for some reason, they may hide their true Self in trying to live up to these set expectations, pushing aside who they are in trying to comply with those pushing them. But when they make this legacy Theirs, and when they stand up, not as what they’re expected to be, but who they Are, they will exceed everyone’s expectations. They could also, potentially, be literally Served Souls- Having someone’s Self or someone’s Soul literally trapped within them

**The Seer of Heart** would parse as the one who Knows Heart for Others. This could have different meanings, from someone able to tell who has romantic feelings for others and tell which two characters would be the best for each other, to telling apart someone’s true nature beyond the facade they’re trying to build, and in the more spiritual sense, being able to see the spirits of the deceased. Listening to spirits and following their advice, guiding and being guided by their Souls, and perhaps, even projecting their own Spirit to guide those who need it, or seeing through someone else’s eyes.

**The Mage of Heart** on the other hand would be one who Knows Heart for Themselves. They’d have a deep understanding of their own self and how they come across to others, and an uncanny ability to tell when romantic feelings are blossoming. They read people like an open book, and may directly commune with Souls to find the information they did, perhaps to the point of allowing themselves to be possessed to transmit a message

**The Heir of Heart** would be that who Changes Heart for Others. This may manifest as awakening romantic feelings within those around them, to make them see who’s their other half- But they’re just as likely to change themselves for others. Either physically or deep within, their self, their Soul is malleable and in constant state of flux. And while the manipulation of Souls is a powerful ability, it may come at the risk of losing their entire persona for someone else.

**The Witch of Heart** would, then, be the one who Changes Heart for Themselves. Manipulating romantic attachment has already pretty dubious implications, but the Witch specially should be careful not to fall into temptation and selfishly entrance those who’ve put their trust in them. Manipulating Souls can have many meanings, controlling ghosts, but an interesting concept would be that of a body swap, switching Souls to different bodies and even possessing someone else’s body, Changing them through their Soul, Changing their Soul. They should be careful of Romance or the Spirits taking too prominent of a role on their lives though

**The Rogue of Heart** would be one to Steal Heart for Others. Stealing Romance sounds like casting doubts upon a Relationship, and trying to get someone away from their current partner in order to give them a better half. Mediators in relationships and romantically focused, their way of being may, too, make others attached to them. And with the Persona and Soul, they may as well steal someone’s way of being in order to better themselves, or even take away their Souls entirely to give them to someone else, perhaps giving a stray Soul a new physical body.

**The Thief of Heart** would be one to Steal Heart for Themselves. When they like someone, they know they’re the best for them, and will not stop trying to get them together. Taking someone’s way of being to suit their needs, or even straight up stealing their Soul, hoarding the spirits and way of being of others for some purpose, the Thief of Heart should be careful of not going too far with those they actually genuinely like, lest they muddle their relationship. Additionally, Stealing using their Soul, manifesting outside of their bodies or even taking things away after having died and being a Ghost.

**The Bard of Heart** would be one who Destroys Heart for Others. Shattering toxic relationships and pulling people apart that are a detriment to each other, or simply prevent feelings from developing too far, to prioritize things and not fall into Teen Drama. And just the same, they may Destroy through Heart, building self-destructive Relationships to nullify two potentially dangerous elements in the Session, or Destroy Souls or through Souls in some capacity, spirit Communion is always a possibility here.

**The Prince of Heart** would be one who Destroys Heart for Themselves. Shattering romantic bonds, they may pressure themselves or others into dropping a relationship, and may suppress their own true feelings and shut down themselves at times. With the power of Destroying Heart, tearing Souls apart and Destroying through their Self, by Themselves, they may be capable combatants with raw skill and battle power, as well as being able to project or use Souls to Destroy things to an extent.

**The Muse of Heart** would be one who Commands Heart for Others. Like cupid, they inspire romantic feelings among people and create strong emotional pulls between people they may consider fitting, but relationships isn’t everything they are all about. They may allow people’s true personalities to come through, help them be true to themselves and not have to hide anymore- And just the same, they may Command the Souls of those lost, like being guided through the Styx, helping Souls find solace and having a direct line of communication into the Spirit World, for better or worse. 

**The Lord of Heart** would be one who Commands Heart for Themselves. They must be careful to not become manipulative with those around them, as their ability to make others attracted to them and take hold of someone’s True Being to shape them could come off as wrong and extremely imposing and forceful. They may Command through their Self, however, building up who they are to the point of inspiring others to follow them, and just the same, they may Command Souls, raising the dead or bringing back the spirits of those around them who’ve already passed away. Even after death, their Soul too may keep on Commanding and influencing those around them, making them specially difficult to take down
# [[God Tiers/4. Mind Aspect\|4. Mind Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Mind** would be the one who Creates Mind for Others. Mind as Thoughts, with the fussy nature of Sylphs, would put them in quite a bossy position, perhaps thinking they know better than those around them. Creating Choices and Improving Choices speaks of someone who weeds out the bad Choices and gives good alternatives to bad plans. However, creating Mind as the way they present themselves, and Improving Mind for others, may mean they’re constantly trying to adapt to how others see them or what others need, instead of focusing on what they need.

**The Maid of Mind** would, however, present themselves as the Active Counterpart. Making Mind for Them may refer to a strategist that keeps to themselves, always having a plan on what to do next, but possibly leaving others in the dark as they go. Creating Choice for themselves may have them be a bit of a Wildcard, going with what they think would be the best course of action, even if it forces others in positions they’re not comfortable with. Creating Mind for Themselves could also refer to someone hiding their true identity, showing only what they want others to see, and acting however is more beneficial to achieve their goal. Someone Made of Mind, may be at risk of losing their True Self to their many facades

**The Knight of Mind** would be that to Serve Mind to Others. Giving their thoughts to those around them, planning and strategizing for them they can be a good tactical asset. Serving Choices, they may try to give others a way out, an option they’re not considering that would be more favorable. And yet, in Serving through Mind, they would be prone to putting on facades and keep their inner self from coming out, showing others only what they’d want to see, or what would be most beneficial for others, bottling everything up within to more effectively Help.

**The Page of Mind** on the other hand, would be one to be Served Mind. Perhaps to an overwhelming degree, they may be pushed to make difficult choices, and in turn, to try and avoid confrontation and conflict by pretending to be a way they really are not. A Page of Mind may not be allowed to think and speak up for themselves by those around them, perhaps coddled, until they show their true worth. Until they break through and start making decisions for themselves, until they prove themselves a capable thinker and show unconsidered, ignored means may just be the key to success

**The Seer of Mind** is that who Knows Mind for Others. There’s little to say about this Classpect that the canon hasn’t already- Knowing when others are putting a facade, knowing where their choices will lead in the Timeline, and guiding others to not let them go down a self-destructive path, as well as knowing their own Choices and their outcomes just as well. They may also be able to read minds and see what others are thinking.

**The Mage of Mind** would be one who Knows Mind for Themselves. Prone to only choose to act on the choice that directly benefits them in some way, they may sense other’s intent and sniff their lies right past their facades, as well as having a great understanding of what facets of themselves appeal to what kind of people, letting them put on whatever mask may be needed to reach their goal

**The Heir of Mind** would be one to Change Mind for Others. In a similar way to how the Heir of Heart may change themselves for others, so may the Heir of Mind- But to a different degree. A Heir of Heart may lose their true self to these changes, and genuinely alter the way they are. But the Heir of Mind is more likely to change their facade- Pushing their true self aside. Allowing others to choose for them and follow along. This is not necessary however, they may as well be the one to Change Choices for the group, help those who choose wrong see another option. They may also change other people’s minds or thoughts, making them see in new ways, or learning to see things in a new light. They should be careful not to go too far, though, if their facade deviates too much from who they really are, they may start to wonder what part of them is actually ‘real’.

**The Witch of Mind** would be one to Change Mind for Themselves. The manipulation of thoughts and memories is very possible, influencing what others may think at any given moment. Malleable in how they act like the Heir, but more liable to know exactly what they want out of these changes, to not let them influence their true Self. Easy to switch strategies on the fly, and great at pulling the strings however they see fit, they may find themselves at odds between what they want, and the will of others. Imposing or having someone’s choice imposed upon, is never something that should be taken lightly

**The Rogue of Mind** may Steal Mind for Others. Taking upon the choices others don’t want to make and pushing through with determination, and taking strategies or ideas from others to incorporate to their own plans, their own style. Flexible and easily influenced by those around them, they may seem malleable as they take into account everyone’s ideas and piece their current way of being from them. They may also be able to Steal Mind to Give to someone else, in the sense that they can take someone’s thoughts or Memories and connect them to someone else, letting people share their Minds in a telepathic way.

**The Thief of Mind**, instead, would Steal Mind for Themselves. Stealing ideas they seem good enough to use, reading Memories and stealing what others may be thinking at the moment, they’re likely to take the initiative constantly, and choose to act in behalf of these ideas they have taken, in turn, stealing the Choice away from their peers. Determined and obstinate, but they may have trouble coming up with ideas of their own without help.

**The Bard of Mind** would be one who Destroys Mind for Others. Shutting down stupid choices and debunking theories or strategies that wouldn’t work, they may be the kind to think there’s only a single way to do things. A focus on the present or the future, too, could keep them from thinking back on the past, Destroying Memories and the way they may have been before, looking onwards.

**The Prince of Mind** would be one who Destroys Mind for Themselves. Shattering other’s train of thought, or completely erasing their memories of some event happening, to the point of completely leaving their minds a blank slate. Just the same as how they don’t allow others to choose for themselves sometimes, however, they may too leave themselves no choice in the way they act, and accidentally rail their path in a way they may not have intended. Of course, Destroying through Mind would also be telling of them being strategists and always keeping an eye out to ensure their plans won’t be thwarted.

**The Muse of Mind** would be one who Commands Mind for Others. They may try and share everyone’s thoughts together, and have powerful telekinetic abilities to do so, sharing everyone’s Minds so that they may be on the same page. But they should be careful not to forcefully connect these Minds and become a Hivemind of people with no Choice, their strengths should always lie in making sure everyone’s on the same page, and able to choose in the most rational and fruitful way possible. They may, too, be able to parse with Memories and commune with people, sharing experiences that could be useful.

**The Lord of Mind** would be one who Commands Mind for Themselves. Commanding Memories, they may bring forth new thoughts and memories within people to make them believe a false story, or they may write their own existence within someone’s psyche, as if they had always been there. Master strategists, they may have it easy to make those around them do their bidding, but this is a power that can be easily abused, and they should never go so far they make those around them into Mindless Zombies, simply accepting of everything they say and letting them choose for them every time.
# [[God Tiers/5. Hope Aspect\|5. Hope Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Hope** would be the one who Creates Hope for Others. A noble sounding God Tier, the ability to make others Hopeful could easily shift the tides of the Battle, make everyone trust there’s something worth fighting for. It could also refer to helping others who’re in a desperate place, and the possibility of Healing through Prayer. With its connotations regarding sexuality, however, Creating Hope and Healing through Hope could also lead to a bit more of a… Risque interpretation of this Classpect.

**The Maid of Hope** would similarly Create Hope, but as an Active Class, the Maid would create it for themselves. Always hopeful that things will turn out right, it would drive them forwards and, rather than directly make it for others, they may become a beacon others look up to. They may also shrug off attacks completely merely because they believe they can power through it, believing in themselves. And in a similar way, while being Made of Hope could stand as being a beacon, they could as easily appear to showcase their sexuality more than anything else.

**The Knight of Hope** would be one to Serve Hope to Others, and Serve them through Hope. They believe in their friends, and as long as their friends believe in them, they will do the impossible to protect them. Whether it’s literally weaponizing the power of Hope, or simply being empowered by the knowledge that not all Hope is lost, and in turn, showing those around them that there’s always a way out if they just believe in it hard enough, perhaps to the point of denying to be realistic and see when a situation is truly Hopeless. Conversely, with Hope’s connection to sexuality, it’s likely the Knight of Hope would be always available to anyone who asks.

**The Page of Hope** would be the one to be Served Hope. Believing what other’s say, making believe in an attempt to escape difficult situations, they may be at risk of ignoring what’s beneath surface level and come off as oblivious, not to say, also prone to being sexualized by those around them. Either by the beliefs imposed on them, or what they choose to believe to escape from reality, they’re held back. But once they push past it, once they overcome their insecurities, it’s this belief on those around them that power them, that push them past their limits, and in doing so, truly show everyone the true power of Hope

**The Seer of Hope** would be one who Knows Hope for Others. There’s always a glimmer in the distance, a possibility, no matter how dreadful a situation may be. Seeing the positive in the negative, and leading beyond a hopeless situation into a new opportunity, the Seer of Hope would be invaluable with their moral support, and their guidance to reach a satisfactory end. As long as there’s Hope, they will be able to get others out of whatever situation they may have gotten into, and as long as they believe there’s a way out, there will be.

**The Mage of Hope** would be the one who Knows Hope for Themselves. They won’t miss an opportunity to follow down a path that benefits them and makes them feel better, whenever the chance presents itself, they will take it. There’s no such thing as blind faith for them, they know exactly what they believe in, and will chase after it relentlessly. They may also come across as ‘save yourselves’ types, working hard for self-preservation no matter the situation. Additionally, with Hope’s ties to sexuality, both the Seer and Mage of Hope may be able to tell Innuendos and advances of that kind a mile away

**The Heir of Hope** would be one to Change Hope for Others. Make them believe in something, to put their trust in them, and just as well, they may Change the world around them through their belief alone. Their beliefs, too, may be malleable by their environment and change little by little. And curiously with its ties to sexuality, they may help those around them find their orientation. They should be careful though, Hope can be quite the powerful to cling on to, but sometimes, playing make-believe may muddle the reality of what’s going on in front of them.

**The Witch of Hope** would be one who Changes Hope for Themselves. Just like the Heir, they may change things through their beliefs, but they’re also likely to Change what others believe to what they believe. Imposing what they trust in on others. And when what they believe in demands something of them, too, they better be ready, lest they become the unquestioning puppet of blind faith.

**The Rogue of Hope** would be one who Steals Hope for Others. It could be seen as how for a faction to be Hopeful and bright, those who oppose them must be rendered Hopeless and know they can’t do nothing against them, but not necessarily. They could be ones to build their own beliefs and faith from others, trusting in what their peers put their trust into and reinforcing these beliefs. And just like that, their desire to get something may eventually end up paying off.

**The Thief of Hope** would be one who Steals Hope for Themselves. Even in the most bleak of moments, they know there’s always a possibility- And that possibility is them. Confident in their skills and their chances of victory, but they may require those on their side to believe in them to fully come on top, that which the Session puts its trust upon, while taking Hope away from those who oppose them.

**The Bard of Hope** would be one to Destroy Hope for Others. They may tear down belief in that which they don’t believe in, honestly thinking their beliefs are more real and important than that of others. However at the same time, they may be prone to allowing that which they believe in to be Destroyed, pushing them aside in the process. When at their best, though, they may wield that belief and wear it as a badge, using it to empower themselves and smite down everything that threatens that which they care about. With its connotations regarding sexuality, too, they may not be too appealing to those around them- Or on the contrary they may be a bit… _Too_ appealing.

**The Prince of Hope** would be one who Destroys Hope for Themselves. They may be as prone to wield their power confidently, as they may be to throw it all away and consider everything lost. They should be careful not to become the reason why all Hope may be lost though, lest they villify themselves. A double edged sword with immense potential for power, but a delicate view of themselves and what’s going on around them that could shatter their perception like a mirror.

**The Muse of Hope** would be one who Commands Hope for Others. They would be an inspiration to look up to, or the ones people are fighting for, chasing after them and in turn ‘Commanding’ them through this Hope they instil in them. The pressure of everyone’s Hope or Faith may befall on them, but as long as people believe, they will fight to do what they need to do. Just the same, however, they may be heavily sexualized or sought after, or even use sex appeal in order to get others to follow them, alluring them.

**The Lord of Hope** would be one who Commands Hope for Themselves. They may consider themselves literal higher beings, or they may even be, seeking the Faith of those around. They should be careful not to impose themselves on others, though, it’s easy to force others to Believe in you and command them through the Faith they have on them, letting them lead as easy as they may manipulate, specially under the risk of leaving others in a Hopeless situation. Self control is key for the Lord of Hope, as, with the ties to sexuality, they could easily become the… Most unsavory kind of ruler
# [[God Tiers/6. Rage Aspect\|6. Rage Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Rage** could be seen as that who Creates Rage for Others. Not necessarily in the sense that they make others Angry, either, Rage is much more than that. Creating Rage for others means for the benefit of others, and ensuring people’s aggression are aimed at unjust causes and actual threats instead of each other is always a good thing to do. Inciting them to show their anger towards a common enemy, as well as creating Anarchy and through Anarchy, trying to take down an absurd system that oppresses others. Healing through Rage seems more difficult, as Rage hardly seems to correlate with Healing. You could Heal Rage, pacifying others, but Healing through Rage could mean different things. Perhaps inducing a berserk-like state in which adrenaline overpowers pain so people can go through. Or perhaps healing in mysterious and bullshit ways- Abusing plot shields knowingly.

**The Maid of Rage** on the other hand, would use their powers for Themselves. Creating Rage for themselves definitely sounds like being able to go Berserk, and in a similar way, they may abuse their own Plot Shields to power through anything in front of them. They may have confusing goals or use means that leave others questioning them, getting shit done but leaving confusion in their wake. Someone Made of Rage, may be someone who harbors a deep hatred for something deep inside, not necessarily all the time, not necessarily for everything, but definitely something practically consumes their being. They may also merely have a hard to understand or confusing origin

**The Knight of Rage** is that who Serves Rage to Others, or Serves through Rage. They may be able to make those around angry, but never without a motive- To push their common goals forward, to make them fight against and injustice. And in the same way, they themselves may be prone to being angered, and using said wrath to take down those harming their allies. In the same way, however, they may be prone to trying out means that shouldn’t work, but somehow do, or appear in apparently nonsensical ways or places to help those who need their help- Somehow overcoming obstacles that should be, by all means, impossible, leaving confusion in their wake.

**The Page of Rage** would be one to be Served Rage, or through Rage. Keeping themselves confused and unaware of the full extent of the situation they’re in, their attitude may be infuriating to those around them- And yet, their demeanor also makes it hard to keep hating them for too long. While possibly confusing or infuriating, it’s where this Rage is aimed that counts, and when they’re hurt or when they’re in a bad position, the anger easily bounces off of them, and towards that which is mistreating them. But when built up beyond this attitude, when helped be happier, they too may harbor hatred towards that which oppressed them, and usher their foes into utter chaos

**The Seer of Rage** would be one who Knows Rage for Others. Able to tell apart the dangerous and the mad, and keep an eye on those who may be more unstable, able to parse through what seems confusing and chaotic, they may appear level-headed, if perhaps eccentric. They may also guide others through violent acts, letting them know what to hit and how. And similarly, they could also be ones whose knowledge comes from having been down in the depths of madness themselves, Knowing Rage so that others don’t have to, having them stray away from chaos.

**The Mage of Rage** would be one to Know Rage for Themselves. Knowing what ticks them and ticks others and using this knowledge to their advantage, knowing how to confuse their foes to get the upper hand. They may be, however, infuriatingly vague, keeping what they’re doing or what they know to themselves and instigating distrust and confusion among their peers

**The Heir of Rage** would be one to Change Rage for Others. Pacifiers and Enragers, they may find it easy to confuse those around them, and in turn they too may become confused easily. A trickster, or simply another player thrust into chaos? While Rage can be good in moderation, going too far is dangerous, and the Heir may be just the one to keep a check on it. Easily malleable, however, they should be careful not to lose themselves to their anger, or let confusion overtake them and muddle their goals.

**The Witch of Rage** would one to Change Rage for Themselves. Enraging themselves during combat, pacifying themselves when they need, casting a shroud of confusion on those who oppose them, and manipulating through this confusion, they may be a source of in-fighting in either side of the battle, and cast the entire battlefield into a state of Anarchy. Destructive urges, however, should be kept in check. After all, addiction is a powerful thing

**The Rogue of Rage** would be one who Steals Rage for Others. Stealing through Rage is quite the potent ability as well- Taking moments of confusion, or Anarchy and lawlessness to Take whatever may be needed, others may not realize anything’s missing in the middle of the chaos until it’s already too late. And just like that, they may also Steal away the confusion and anger of those around them, at the risk of becoming aggravated themselves in the process.

**The Thief of Rage** would be one who Steals Rage for Themselves. Making things personal, they’re prone to being angered at anything negative that happens around them, only making them more driven to tear apart what’s in their way. In the same way, however, doing their own thing and pushing through aimlessly, they may end up being confused and unsure of what’s even going on anymore, but in the process, leave behind a clear picture for those who’re looking a bit deeper

**The Bard of Rage** would be one who Destroys Rage for Others. They may be pacifiers themselves, trying to get others to calm down or chill out, as they may be pacifiers of themselves, preventing themselves from getting too angry. And yet they too may fall prey of anger and confusion, and tear down everything that opposes them. Destroying through Chaos and Confusion could also make them perform destructive acts that may seem completely nonsensical on a surface level. With the Bard’s stereotype as a Wildcard, they truly may be as whimsical as they come.

**The Prince of Rage** would be one who Destroys Rage for Themselves. They may intentionally shut their violent urges off, as well, but their Strength comes from letting loose and ravishing everything in their path in a blind fury. Causing mayhem through Chaos and Rage, however, they’re likely to Destroy their own Confusion, ensuring they know what’s going on, and allowing them to push through even in the weirdest of circumstances- Perhaps, even, as the source of these weird circumstances.

**The Muse of Rage** would be one who Commands Rage for Others. While they could often be subject to violence and the anger of others themselves, they may be the ones who have the last say when it comes to violent matters. Inspiring Rage within others, Commanding them through this Rage, they’re bound to pit those around them against what they consider to be bad and unfair, making them act against a System and tear it apart, casting what they find to be against them into Chaos and Confusion.

**The Lord of Rage** would be one who Commands Rage for Themselves. Violent outbursts and a gain of power the more angry they are, they should take care to direct this Rage towards their enemies and not those they Command, lest they become abusive. Confusion, Chaos, Nonsense, they may be a force to be reckoned with, both from their sheer power, and the unexpected bullshit they may be able to pull off with no explanation in the slightest. They will abuse every little flaw and loophole of their story, and make those watching from afar wonder what the hell is even going on anymore
## [[God Tiers/7. Light Aspect\|7. Light Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Light** is the one who Creates Light for Others. Recalling truthful information about others and about events to help those around understand everything better, they are loreweavers interested in getting everyone to understand the big picture. However, they may also be more focused on Creating Fortune, or even Relevancy, allowing someone to rise to the occasion, repairing that which is important, improving that matters. With a good deal of focus on what the best would be, and the means to lead down that path.

**The Maid of Light** would have similar powers, but more oriented to themselves. It should be noted that as Light Creators, it’s very likely both would be able to create flashes of light and solid Light Constructs. Making themselves luckier, increasing their relevancy, putting themselves in the Spotlight and owning it, someone Made of Light is bound to be the centre of attention

**The Knight of Light** would be one who Serves Light to Others. And one who Serves through the Light. Whether it may be Information or Fortune, the Knight may put effort into trying to keep everyone well informed and prepared for anything to come, and make their intentions clear. They may also be prone to helping others shine through, improve and become the centerpieces of the Session, whether it may be providing them with the insight they need, or training them to better themselves. And in the same way, so may they wield Light to their advantage, and serve those who need protection with it.

**The Page of Light** would be more akin to the one who is Served Light. Those helping them may be like instructors or teachers, sharing information with them, but they may as well share their fortune with them, try to make them into a more relevant person. They may hide in their studies or use their relevancy to escape accountability and action, but once pushed past this, once the student becomes the teacher, they may dazzle those who oppose them, and know exactly what needs to be known to truly be important and end up victorious

**The Seer of Light** would be that to Know Light for Others. They’re concerned with that which is Relevant, that which is Fated, gathering information and seeing what the Alpha Timeline may have in store for them. Letting them keep the Timeline on rails to not deviate into a Doomed Timeline, and guiding others to follow its path. They may also find the most fortunate outcomes, but that which may seem irrelevant or is hidden could stump them. They may also allow Light to guide them, whether it be literally, or metaphorically guiding others through the knowledge they leave behind.

**The Mage of Light** on the other hand would Know Light for Themselves. When you know Chance and Luck, no bet is too far-fetched, and they may trust what they know when making judgement calls. They will never miss something that’s important, no matter how small of a detail it may be. They may also put their trust in whatever Fate they think or have determined Paradox Space has in store for them, following along.

**The Heir of Light** would be one to Change Light for Others. They may change the information they have access to, adding upon ideas they had before and debunking wrong conceptions with new information. They may change what’s relevant and what’s fortuitous, making what seemed useless to become a centerpiece of their plans, and completely turning said plan on its head. Provided new information, they, too, may change, and even perhaps, change themselves into pure Light. They should take care, sometimes some things are not meant to be known, and being put in the spotlight may prove to be too much pressure eventually.

**The Witch of Light** would be one to Change Light for Themselves. Manipulating their relevancy to rise to protagonism or lie back as they see fit, and of course, manipulating Light itself. Mirages and blinding flashes of light are a given. Manipulating what information is available and what others know, and perhaps, with enough power and effort, changing what’s Alpha and what isn’t. But after all, it all comes back to the Alpha and its demands, and in the end, can they change fate, or are they still just slaves to it?

**The Rogue of Light** would be one who Steals Light for Others. Gathering information and offering it to those who are clueless, or making someone who’s risen to relevancy too much take a step back and let those who’ve been deemed secondary a chance, they may act as balancing factors to ensure no one becomes too self-centred and thinks they can simply do anything they want. And just the same, even with the Spotlight on them, they may be able to steal from right under people’s noses.

**The Thief of Light** would be one who Steals Light for Themselves. They know exactly what’s going on, and that puts them in the perfect position to take charge- Becoming relevant, stealing the limelight, they’re prone to put themselves at the centre of everything that happens around them, like a bright beacon you can simply not ignore. Stealing Luck and Fortune, too, may make chance just bend to their will, and taking away their Light, they may just leave those they oppose in the darkness- Perhaps even literally.

**The Bard of Light** may be one who Destroys Light for Others. Taking away knowledge of some events for their benefit, trying to not provide conflicting information that’d put their current team in jeopardy, they may appear to the team as a source of Bad Luck, but when fighting against the forces of inevitability and trying to tear down what fate has in store, does Luck really matter? They should, still, be careful not to break that which is important to the Session.

**The Prince of Light** may Destroy Light for Themselves. Using blasts of photons or lasers as a destructive force is likely, as is ensuring certain information doesn’t leak out. They may appear a bit secretive, keeping the truth to themselves and in turn likely knowing more about what’s going on than the rest of their Session. Blinding others could also be a very possible ability of the Prince of Light, literally destroying Light or destroying someone’s Sight. When someone rises to infamy, into the spotlight, they may be the ones to take them down.

**The Muse of Light** may be that who Commands Light for Others. Relevancy and Fate, they may be the ones driving the story, the ones that show what’s important and what must be done. Commanding through Information and True Knowledge, they would be ones to ensure everyone knows everything they need to know, about the lore of the world and where they’re headed. They may, also, become plot points themselves, relevant characters around which the story may revolve for one reason or another, putting them always at the centre of the action.

**The Lord of Light** would be the one who Commands Light for Themselves. Keepers of information, they may use what they know as leverage, or keep those they don’t think deserve to know what’s going on in the dark. With what they know, they may sway others to their side, or force them to act for them, and just the same, their Command of Relevancy would put them always in the spotlight, a position of importance for everything that is going on. Chance doesn’t exist around them, it’s only fate when they hold Fortune itself within their grasp
# [[God Tiers/8. Void Aspect\|8. Void Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Void** would be one to Create Void for Others. Hiding and obscuring the truth, protecting others and protecting secrets from being found out, they’re masters at crafting lies and keeping secrecy. Of course, a Sylph of Void may also Create Irrelevancy, making it so that something they’re doing seems inconspicuous, as much as they may Heal through Irrelevancy- Staying out of the picture or shoving someone aside to heal while other things go on. Creating Void can also be taken as Creating or Bringing Forth something Horrorterror-related, as well as likely collapsing things into Black Holes.

**The Maid of Void** would have a similar powerset, but aimed to themselves. While Sylphs of Void may make use of their powers more passively, aimed to help those around them, the Maid would instead focus on their own well being- Laying low and seemingly harmless before bouncing back more powerful than anyone else, creating Void could be seen as deciding what doesn’t Exist, collapsing things into Nothingness, erasing things with their attacks, and seemingly just fading away into nothing when they are not actively doing something. Being Made of Void hints to their seeming lack of importance, perhaps to the point of not even existing at all or being mean to Be, until they do something to change that

**The Knight of Void** would be that who Serves Void to Others. This may sound paradoxical to the nature of the Knight, one who gives nothing to those they care about- And while it could be seen that way, there’s many other interpretations. One who Serves others through Nothing, one who Serves Secrets, they may be orchestrators, acting from the shadows and helping without ever being noticed, lying to ease those around them while they take care of threats. And in they same way, they may Serve Nothingness to their Enemies, erasing them completely to protect those they care about. They may also Serve the Void, comply with the Will of the Horrorterrors and act on their behalf.

**The Page of Void** would be one who’s Served Void. And in the same way the Knight of Void seems to go against the stereotype of the Knight, so does the Page of Void have the same issue, as someone who’s Served by Nothing. Shrouded in irrelevance, using their Lack to escape from the harsh reality, perhaps even as someone who simply, completely lacks any potential. And yet that’s never true is it? A hidden, secret power lies within, an unexpected Strength that may rise from the depth of irrelevancy when the time is right, when no one put their faith in them, to consume their enemies in Nothingness. Conversely, they may be Served by the Horrorterrors, raised to either be One of Them, or a powerful Conduit or Emissary of sorts, perhaps a Host for a Horrorterror. Or even stranger yet- Served by… Horses? Which are Void-coded for some reason

**The Seer of Void** would be one to Know Void for Others. This could be parsed as one who Knows Nothing, simply being unable to tell what’s going to happen, distracted with the Irrelevant, but it doesn’t have to be that way. The Seer of Void may, in fact, know what others don’t- Know their Secrets and that which has been buried, tried to kept hidden from everyone else. Using this knowledge of that which shouldn’t be known to lead others to an unexpected outcome, and showing them what truly lies behind the curtain. Similarly, they may know the Horrorterrors, their intentions, and their secrets more than anyone else.

**The Mage of Void** would be one to Know Void for Themselves. While it would seem Blind Prophets are thematically popular, a Mage of Void may be specially prone to being blind. They won’t shy away from a riddle and a mystery, and always know when there’s more than it seems at surface level. Keepers of secrets and enigmas, they may be an enigma in themselves. They may also know when their intervention is irrelevant, and make them lay back and away from seemingly important events

**The Heir of Void** would be one to Change Void for Others. Perhaps changing other’s irrelevance or their own could make secondary characters rise to the occasion, or perhaps manipulating the Nothingness itself would let them make things vanish and appear. Changing what’s hidden and secret to show everyone what’s really going on, and even changing into Void to completely fade away when needed. Susceptible to Horrorterror Influence, and to their own Irrelevancy, if they’re not careful, they may vanish completely from the face of their Session without a trace.

**The Witch of Void** would be the one to Change Void for Themselves. A very interesting way of parsing this Class would be one who’s allowed their own existence in a way, who’s Changed their Nonexistence, or they may Change other things’ nonexistence, allowing them to bring back things long forgotten. Likely to be changed by the Horrorterrors and Change with their dark arts, they’re a reminder that that which seems irrelevant or to not exist at all, may just come from the shadows and erase all that opposes them. Alternatively, however, they could be seen as one who’s unable to Change anything, bound to their Lack, and forced to watch as everything slips through their fingers

**The Rogue of Void** would be one to Steal Void for Others. Stealing secrets and uncovering the truth, shrouded in the darkness and in irrelevancy to spring up and take things away when no one’s looking, they may be experts in hiding or covering up their tracks. The canonical example gives an interesting twist to this Classpect as well- Stealing Nonexistence from an idea and making it real, allowing them to materialize things. But of course, this is not a power every Rogue of Void will have, nor a power everyone will come up with, but taking other’s irrelevance or reaching for that which doesn’t exist may still play into their roles.

**The Thief of Void** would be one to Steal Void for Themselves. Hidden, secretive, keepers of mysteries, but at the same time, they may end up being one unable to actually Steal, Stealing Nothing. Stealing the emptiness, the lack, could have a bit of a metaphorical meaning to it and let them ‘refill’ or ‘repair’ something in a sense, and of course, Stealing the power of the Horrorterrors, they may be able to take upon a more Grimdark-esque state without being necessarily influenced by the Will of the Dark Gods.

**The Bard of Void** would be one who Destroys Void for Others. They’re bad secret keepers, and while perhaps not intentionally telling others, things may just slip by them. Destroying through Irrelevancy or Destroying Irrelevancy, they could aid the rise to power of an unexpected character as a sidekick of sorts. And just like that, they too may allow the destructive influence of the Horrorterrors to take hold on those around them, and on themselves.

**The Prince of Void** would be one who Destroys Void for Themselves. They’re concerned with making secrets come to light, and while they may not seek out to unveil the mysteries of the world, whenever they get their hands on information that shouldn’t be known, they may expose it. As such they may gain leverage to try and become more relevant. Destroying through Void could have ties to the power of the Horrorterrors- But it could also showcase them as complete annihilators, able to disintegrate and collapse those who oppose them into Nothing.

**The Muse of Void** would be one who Commands Void for Others. They may be background characters, those who Command nothing, that have nothing under control, and which need the help of those around them to keep it together- However, they too may Command Lack and Irrelevance. Deciding what falls into obscurity and is left behind and forgotten, or holders of some immense Secret that would turn the world around them upside-down if it were revealed. Of course, they may also be ones to Command through the Will of the Horrorterrors, perhaps even as one of them.

**The Lord of Void** would be one who Commands Void for Themselves. Erasing that which they don’t deem fit under their reign, negating that which they don’t want, they may hold the key to the secrets of everything, and whether they unveil them or sit atop a throne of lies is completely up to them. Of course, they may take hold of the power of the Horrorterrors as well- And for a change, rather than being influenced by them, it may be them who use the Horrorterrors to their favor, as the dark arts and elder gods bend under their influence
#  [[God Tiers/9. Breath Aspect\|9. Breath Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Breath** would be one to Make Breath for Others. Creating direction, being leaders, it seems they could set the goals of their Session, pointing everyone to where they have to go, leaving a trail for the Session to chase after. Creating Freedom, liberating others, creating Detachment to break free of shackles, creating Motion where there was stillness, the Sylph would put things into motion and aid liberating those around them. Creating Wind, of course, would allow them to generate strong currents of air, as well as allow breathing where there’s no air. Similarly, though, they may expand already existing air to some capacity. As for healing through Breath, using their leadership to aid others could be a way, however healing through Breath evokes both Healing Kisses, and Aromatherapy to an extent.

**The Maid of Breath** on the other hand would use their power for their own Benefit. Rather than creating Freedom and Direction for others, they would certainly focus on doing what they want, following their own ideals without necessarily caring about how they’re leading others. They would inspire others by how they seem to get their way and do whatever they want, but in their wake they may simply separate from their group. They may not even need to Heal Themselves if their detachment from conflict ends up with them not even being harmed. Freeing themselves, Detaching themselves, someone Made of Breath would be boundless, and yet in the process, they may end up distancing themselves from everyone else

**The Knight of Breath** would be one to Serve Breath to Others. Allowing others to have the Freedom they need, allowing them to move freely, and perhaps, even to detach themselves from other issues and focus on their personal goals. They’re facilitators, doing what needs to be done, and either inspiring others to do the same, or doing it so that they don’t need to do anything, either Serving a Leader, or Serving as the Leader. And in the same way, they may Wield the Wind to protect those that need their help, and Serve those struggling a Breath of Fresh Air.

**The Page of Breath** would, instead, be the one Served Breath. Being forced to move or be put on the move, making them chase after their goals and the plot, trying to put them into a position of Leadership, and in doing so, likely pushing them away little by little. They may escape into disinterest and apathy, simply doing their own thing to escape their responsibilities. But if they overcome the obstacles, they may rise as a figure worthy of admiration, worthy of following, by their own grit and determination, by their easy-going nature and constant forward motion. But even with a following, they cannot be shackled, for they are Free like the Wind

**The Seer of Breath** would be one to Know Breath for Others. Knowing motion and direction, they may know exactly where to go next. The paths everyone should head towards for self-improvement, to reach their goals, and using their position of leadership, they may guide them to follow these paths. They may also, however, know detachment and guide through it- Teaching others to relax and when to just lay low and when it is better to take it easy.

**The Mage of Breath** instead would Know Breath for Themselves. A clear goal in mind, and the intention to chase after it even if they leave the others behind in the process. Furthermore, they may have a knack for following rapid movements, no matter how fast it is, they can sense where they’re going and when they will reach their destination

**The Heir of Breath** would be one who Changes Breath for Others. Of course they may also Change through Breath, using a position of Leadership to change things. Malleable and carefree, their influence on others may be unintentional, just as they may pick upon others’ influence without realizing. Manipulating the Winds and changing into Wind are a possibility, but from freeing others or using their own freedom to change things for others, they’re incredibly flexible and versatile. But they should be careful too, freeing themselves may come at the risk of leaving even those they care about behind, or leave themselves detached and with no purpose at all.

**The Witch of Breath** would be one who Changes Breath for Themselves. They’re likely to go do whatever it is they wish to do without thinking much on what they SHOULD be doing instead, detached and free, the leader of their own stories. Which is not to say they don’t care about others or about winning, but they’re more likely to have a goal of their own. Their actions may alter the flow of the Session, the direction the story is taking, but they should watch out lest this change they inflict happens to be for the worst

**The Rogue of Breath** would be one who Steals Breath for Others. In a sense, they may be the more Robin Hood-esque of the Rogues, taking from those in positions of Leadership, or even taking Leadership from those higher up to give it to those less fortunate. They may, however, also use their role as a leader to take away from others. Detached, free, they’re not bound to anything and as such may have no problem taking and sharing as they see fit. And of course, they may Steal Motion and Direction to stop someone in their tracks.

**The Thief of Breath** would be one who Steals Breath for Themselves. The most obvious and direct use of this power would be to literally leave someone without air and oxygen, suffocating them. They may also simply be so incredible they take their breath away. They may see themselves in a position of Leadership even after having been rejected as such. Stealing Motion and Direction for themselves, they may also prove to be quite fast, and take away anything they want before they even realize it’s gone.

**The Bard of Breath** would be one who Destroys Breath for Others. They may highlight a major problem the group has to face, Destroying their detachment for that issue so that it can be taken care of. Just the same, they may be a hindrance or put a halt to someone’s goals or objectives, Destroy their motion and make them reconsider where things are going. Of course, they may also be able to clear the skies or stop the wind from blowing completely.

**The Prince of Breath** would be one who Destroys Breath for Themselves. They may not consider themselves worthy of the position of Leadership or to have earned other’s respect, but their actions may lead them just the same. They should be careful not to shatter their own goals, and take it easy with that they’re after. Destructive wind powers, suffocating their foes and choking them, there’s several ways to parse them like this. And just the same, they may realize they have been ignoring some big issue, and Destroy their Detachment from the situation to fix things.

**The Muse of Breath** would be one who Commands Breath for Others. The one to inspire the events of the plot or start the journey, they are likely not directly responsible for anything that happens, but definitely a driving force for what’s going on. A McGuffin, detached from the adventure at large, but still providing it with Direction and Commanding where to head to next. Commanding the Winds, storms and weather follow their will just as well, and Commanding through Freedom may leave them becoming that one character that seems to always accidentally find what needs to be found or do what needs to be done without even trying.

**The Lord of Breath** would be one who Commands Breath for Themselves. In their pursue for their own goals, they drag everyone and everything with them- They point in the direction things must go to, and those around must either follow suit or be left behind. They’re free to do anything they want, but with this lack of bonds or restraint, they should always be careful of who they’re affecting with this pursuit of theirs
# [[God Tiers/10. Blood Aspect\|10. Blood Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Blood** would be the one to Make Blood for Others. With Blood as Attachment, Bonds and Friendship, they would easily bring the team together, forging an Alliance and keeping conflict away from the group, to work towards a common goal. Using these bonds and hard work together to improve the team, and slowly build up to face any challenge in their way. Creating Blood and Healing Blood and Through Blood easily evokes the idea of blood transfusions and bloodletting as ways of healing, purifying the body from toxins and harmful substances, as well as closing wounds. And in the same way to protect those they care about, they won’t hesitate to Create Wounds on their enemies.

**The Maid of Blood** would have a similar power set, but aimed for themselves. Creating Bonds for their benefit may still unite the group, but with them as a superior, rather than keeping the group together, they would be the foundation and the ultimate lead. Creating Blood can easily be parsed as creating streams of blood, and Creating through Blood could allow them to create things out of their own blood, making even their wounds a dangerous weapon. Someone Made of Blood is bound to draw in people to their cause, charismatic and friendly, not afraid to pit an army against their foes

**The Knight of Blood** is the one who Serves Blood to Others. A true Comrade, and a true Leader, they seek Union of their group and will do anything to mend friendships together and stop their team from falling apart. Looking out for others, and genuinely caring for them, Serving through the bonds they have formed, and Serving towards a common cause. They never fight alone, for their most powerful weapon is those they rely on, and those who rely on them. And just the same, they may Serve through Blood, bearing their Wounds proudly, and using literal Blood as a weapon, or wounding those who oppose them.

**The Page of Blood** would be the one who is Served Blood. They are prone to making friends, and attract others to follow them, and in doing so, they may shield themselves through the connections they have made with others. Which is not to say they’re manipulating and using their friends- For a Page of Blood who rises into his role may be the truest friend one can make- And no matter how wounded or bruised they may be, their blood boils with power

**The Seer of Blood** would be one who Knows Blood for Others. To be able to tell what brings people together, the goals people should work towards, and how to coexist peacefully, in harmony. They may guide by befriending people, building up trust so they can be shown exactly what kind of path awaits them. And in the same way, they may Know because of their Blood, familiar bonds or genetic relation of some sort. They will work hard to show others how it’s done.

**The Mage of Blood** would be one who Knows Blood for Themselves. To know their family lineage and their heritage, to know what’s been passed down upon them and the struggle ahead. They may also be able to sense who they’d like being friends with instinctually- And if something were to happen to someone they’re close to, they could tell something is off.

**The Heir of Blood** would be one to Change Blood for Others. They may be focused in befriending those who oppose them, changing their bonds, or getting their friends to change their common goals to something distinct. And just as well, through the power of friendship, through the bonds they have built with those they care about, they may Change anything they may need to. Of course they may also Change into Blood itself, melting away into a puddle of the stuff. Bound to their duty, they should be careful not to go too far, there’s people relying on them, and no matter how important an oath may be, when it leads them down a destructive path, it’s important to reconsider what matters.

**The Witch of Blood** would be one to Change Blood for Themselves. Severing and building friendships and pacts with others however they see fit, they are easy going but their group may be fluid and in constant motion. Similarly, they may manipulate others through binding pacts, and of course, the ability to manipulate Blood and use it as a weapon is very likely. They may even be able to change their own blood, in hue or type, however may be needed. Of course, though, bonds, familiar ties and friendships are binding in both ways, and just as they may manipulate and change things, they should be careful of the power others may exert on them.

**The Rogue of Blood** would be one who Steals Blood for Others. Taking through an oath or a bond of sorts, they could turn a deal on their head and make someone’s trick beneficial in the end. They’re just as likely to insert themselves into a friend group, and pull everyone to them, or try to unite different groups by slowly taking their friendship and getting everyone in good terms with each other. Whichever the case, they may appear as quite the popular member of a group, and wouldn’t shy away from expanding the friend circle.

**The Thief of Blood** would be one who Steals Blood for Themselves. In the most literal sense, this would be a Vampire’s most likely Classpect, draining blood from others, but it’d also be the most obvious one. They may use their bonds to others and their relationships to get stuff for free, and they could prove to be jealous at times, wanting to take someone’s friendship for themselves and away from others. Ultimately though, the bond they build with others is genuine, they just need to be careful not to take too much of those they care about.

**The Bard of Blood** would be one who Destroys Blood for Others. They may be able to destroy wounds to some extent and cut the flow of blood, as well as break toxic friendships where one party’s obviously taking advantage of the other- However they should take care not to allow their team to fall into ruin by shattering their bonds either. If push comes to shove, Destruction through Blood could easily parse to wounding those who are against them, make them bleed.

**The Prince of Blood** would be one who Destroys Blood for Themselves. Powerful blood spells and very possibly the use of the Red Miles themselves, or literally make others’ blood boil within their bodies. They should be careful however, and learn how to destroy alongside their friends, through their Bonds, rather than breaking the Bonds they’ve worked so hard to forge, and hurt those they care about.

**The Muse of Blood** would be one who Commands Blood for Others. Amicable, friendly, and while completely capable of getting their hands dirty, they may have a pacifist nature. Trying to Command Friendship within others, to draw them over and bond over a common goal, to try and unite everyone under the same banner without needing to spill blood. And if they’re hurt in any way themselves, you better believe everyone they’ve ever interacted with will come in their aid to help them. Great uniters and inspirers, friendship may be their strongest weapon- And when you think of it, it may be the strongest weapon indeed.

**The Lord of Blood** would be one who Commands Blood for Themselves. Shielding themselves behind a group of people, or by their family. They’re not necessarily using them as shields however, rather they’re seen with enough importance to protect before those who’re beneath them in the Hierarchy. Bosses that may use their connections to bring down the downfall of those opposing them, but when the time comes, they too may Command for blood to be spilled, and fight with all they have for their cause.
# [[God Tiers/11. Life Aspect\|11. Life Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Life** would be the one to Create Life for Others. Given Life is the Aspect of Healing, and their focus on others, the Sylph of Life would appear to be the Ultimate Healing Classpect, however this is not necessarily true. While their Healing Potential is unprecedented, what they do with their Class and Aspect is up to them. Creating Food, they would be ones to keep their friends well fed, and Creating Wealth implies a degree of affluence. Creating Agency, empowering others to act on what they want to do, making those more driven, and Creating Life and Health- Healing any kind of wound, regenerating themselves and others, and perhaps, being able to Grow and Create Plant or Animal Life, living beings and constructs.

**The Maid of Life** on the other hand, would be more focused on themselves. Still able to Heal those around them, they put a great deal of importance on their own Agency and what they want to do, for themselves and for those around them. Self Regeneration and being empowered to act, building up their wealth to further their goals. Someone Made of Life is bound to be healthy and well fed, and just perhaps, a tad interested in offspring.

**The Knight of Life** would be the one who Serves Life to Others. This immediately evokes a Healer, as many others with the Life Aspect do, but it doesn’t stop there. Serving Agency to give others the drive and means to do things for themselves, and Serving through Life, communing with animal or plant life to protect that they hold dear. And so, they will put their Life on the line and Serve their Life to others if it’s needed. They may also be a literal waiter or waitress, Serving Food to those who need it.

**The Page of Life** would be the one who is Served Life. They may be coddled from a rich family, using their leverage to protect themselves, or they may be sickly and frail, making others want to take care of them, while they avoid having to act. But once it’s their turn to rise, even Nature itself may bend to their will, and there’s little that won’t be in their reach, if they just try hard enough

**The Seer of Life** would be one to Know Life for Others. They may know how to treat wounds and keep others healthy, knowing Nature and Biology, what plants do what, perhaps even to the point of communicating with animals and other living things. They’d also know Agency, what everyone is able to do, and how to empower them, how to get them to act for themselves, act on what they want to do.

**The Mage of Life** would be the one to Know Life for Themselves. They won’t fall sick and always know how to keep themselves healthy. They will see their potential, and what they could do, how to intervene and do what they want when they want it. Alternatively, they may also be familiar enough with nature and the wilderness to very attached to it, but with Life’s ties to wealth, it’s hard to say if living more in the wilderness would fit them too much. They’d also certainly Know how to cook.

**The Heir of Life** would be one to Change Life for Others. In the most literal sense, they may present themselves as someone whose arrival changes everyone’s lives, hopefully for the better. Whatever the situation may be, they may be a game changer. Changing others through their Healing, and Changing their Health, definitely sounds like they’d be able to cure ailments and wounds. Changing Wealth and Changing Agency could be seen in different ways too, but they should be careful to not end up enslaved by their own nature to change other’s lives, or consumed by their own privilege.

**The Witch of Life** would be one to Change Life for Themselves. Just as likely to change other’s life, they’re more likely to do it in ways they themselves feel is good, rather than what may be needed. Not just are they healers, they may also be able to extend their own and other people’s lifespans, Changing how long they will remain Alive. Either their drive, their position, or both make them likely to be able to do most things they want, a large sphere of influence and the power to manipulate it. But ultimately, this privilege and power to do as they will can make even the slightest restrictions all the more noticeable.

**The Rogue of Life** would be one who Steals Life for Others. With Life’s ties to wealth and privilege, they would definitely steal from the powerful and give to those with less agency, or even use a advantageous position to take something others may need. Stealing Food for Others that cannot get it, and Stealing Life from those who are complacent and making less fortunate people suffering, seems like they may be concerned with aiding those who can’t do much by themselves, by any means necessary.

**The Thief of Life** would be that which Steals Life for Themselves. Taking someone’s lifespan to add to their own, killing for their benefit, and building up their wealth and power, they may come off as absolute rulers, but as long as they set their sights on those doing wrong, there’s nothing wrong with that, right? Even if they may come across as greedy, they will share their boon with those they deem close enough, with those they actually care about.

**The Bard of Life** would be one who Destroys Life for Others. They may take care of parasites or illnesses. They could also be ones to waste money on anything dumb, Destroying Wealth. While apt destroyers of that which is living, they may shine when it comes to disregarding power structures they think are dumb and taking down those who are on top- But they should also be careful not to put themselves and those around them in a tough spot which forces them to do something they don’t want to, Destroying Agency, specially since they too may have some privilege which puts them in a better spot than their pals.

**The Prince of Life** would be one who Destroys Life for Themselves, and while they too may fight against privilege and social structures, they may be just as likely to use those advantages of theirs to get the upper hand and Destroy that which is beneath. Destroying Life may make them apt killers, however, they could also Destroy through Life, using nature or illness to their advantage and pitting the forces of nature against their foes.

**The Muse of Life** would be one who Commands Life for Others. They’d be absolute healers, no wound or ailment would be beyond their power to aid, and they would put every resource and bit of power they have in allowing those around them to be happy and do as they want. They should be careful not to be taken advantage of to restrict their own agency, however. But even doing such a thing would be difficult- Their boundless energy makes it difficult to go against them and properly hold them back, specially as even Nature itself may show to be on their side.

**The Lord of Life** would be one who Commands Life for Themselves. Long lifespans, immense power, they may be considered Eternal Rulers, those who seemingly live forever and cannot be taken down from their position of power. Their word is law, their will is absolute, and even beasts and plants may bow to their will. Whether this absolute power is used for the good of their people, or if they decide to take away their Agency and Command them as lesser beings, however, is up to them
# [[God Tiers/12. Doom Aspect\|12. Doom Aspect]]

**The Sylph of Doom** would be one to Make Doom for Others. Now this may seem paradoxical, as Doom is seen as something inherently bad, however there are different ways to see Doom. Ending things that are no longer needed and providing comfort to move on can be an important step in growing up, Healing through Doom. When bones break, they become stronger and break less easy, and in the same way, the Sylph may help bear through hard times. They could Create Limits to ensure those around them don’t push themselves too hard, and may also Heal Doom, causing decay and death to fade away, bringing forth something renewed and fresh. And in the same way, they could Create Doom for those who oppose those they care about, taking them out so they won’t cause harm.

**The Maid of Doom** on the other hand, would Make Doom for Themselves. Challenging themselves, breaking to rise up stronger than ever, Dooming that which gets in their way, and Healing the Doom from themselves, to keep on going, time and time again. It should be noted, Doom is also related to technology, so Creating Doom may also have to do with creating computer programs and technological gadgets, overcoming their own Limits by Creating things that are less limited. Someone Made of Doom could already be Doomed, but they could also Embody the End of those who oppose them. They could be Harmful, or they could be Accepting and Comforting. What they are to themselves and those around them, is up to them.

**The Knight of Doom** may be one who Serves Doom to Others. It doesn’t seem too helpful, but consider, they may be Serving their enemies Doom, or Serving them a defeat through Doom. Decay, limits, their end. In the same way, however, they may act as a voice of reason, setting limits for their friends, and showing them it’s okay to give up on some causes, before they hurt themselves. They may be willing to sacrifice themselves for the good of the team. They may also Serve through Technology, which could make them technopaths or simply good with that sort of stuff.

**The Page of Doom** is the one who is Served Doom. It doesn’t sound like a pleasant time, suffering losses and being told what you can’t do, shoved into inaction because of your own limitations. But it’s those who push through their limits that prove their worth, and even if they hurt themselves and fall in the process, every sacrifice they make makes them stronger, and in the end, they may just be the ones to deliver a crushing defeat to everything that stands in their way

**The Seer of Doom** would be one who Knows Doom for Others. Knowing the bad ends in the future, knowing the risk of death and pain, they are ones to be cautious and help others get out of situations alive and unharmed, doing their best to avoid heading down the routes they’ve seen. Knowing limits, they know how far they can go and how far others can go, to not overexert and push themselves too far. And Knowing Suffering themselves, while perhaps not able to prevent Sacrifice or Bad things from happening, they may be willing to be a shoulder to cry on and comfort about the things that are happening.

**The Mage of Doom** would be one who Knows Doom for Themselves. They may have bad vibes about things that could be dangerous, leaving them paranoid and always awaiting the impending doom. They may also be technologically-aligned, knowing more about technology and programming than others, as well as understanding their own limits. They will try to stave off their Doom for as long as they can- But once their time comes, they may show themselves complacent or accepting of their fate. Hopefully, however, their efforts to avoid the Doom they know so well may have actually helped them prevent it entirely

**The Heir of Doom** would be one who Changes Doom for Others. Avoiding whatever bad things are going to befall the Session, preventing death and illness and pain from taking place, but at the same time, they may Change things through Suffering and Sacrifice. This willingness to protect others from Doom and the possibility of suffering to bring forth a needed change may make them come across as reckless, but with a good heart. They may also be able to soothe pain, but every power has its limit, and overexerting oneself to the point of sacrifice is a risk they must be prepared to face.

**The Witch of Doom** would be one who Changes Doom for Themselves. To keep themselves alive, to bring themselves back from the brink, they may seem to never go down. And in the same way, they may manipulate Doom, to bring forth the demise of those who oppose them. They should be careful however, much like the Heir, everything has its limits, everything has an ending. And whether this ending is Good or Bad, may be entirely up to their actions.

**The Rogue of Doom** would be one who Steals Doom for Others. They may be able to heal and ease someone’s pain and suffering, or even someone’s death, but it may come at a cost. Either to themselves, or others. And in the same way, they may be unable to heal someone, but definitely share their pain with others, and ensure the load someone carries on their shoulders is never too much. They may also benefit from their own suffering, being given things for their trouble, or even using their apparent limits to fool others into lowering their guard so they can take from them.

**The Thief of Doom** would be one who Steals Doom for Themselves. Doom doesn’t seem to have many practical uses selfishly, which may parse the Thief of Doom as someone who suffers in behalf of others, and then uses said pain to justify their authority or that they deserve something. They may Steal through Doom as well, benefiting from something or someone’s death or pain, looting from them at their weakest, or taking advantage of people’s limitations to get away with what they want. Or perhaps they really do Steal Death and Suffering for themselves, having a more morbid or borderline masochistic behaviour.

**The Bard of Doom** would be one who Destroys Doom for Others. While they can be compassionate and merciful characters who try to stave off the pain and suffering of others, it should be noted that complacency can make them easily become accepting and fatalistic, simply allowing Doom to befall them and those around them, to be Destroyed by this. They’re also likely to be bad with technology in general.

**The Prince of Doom** would be one who Destroys Doom for Themselves. Actively fighting against some illness or curse, their character could revolve around trying to extend their life or overcome their obstacles and limits, push beyond, destroy that which is painful and bad. But they too could wield the power of Doom, Destroying through Destruction, one of the most direct, blunt and strong destroyers out there. In combat, it may be a test of endurance to see what breaks first, those they are against, or themselves.

**The Muse of Doom** would be one who Commands Doom for Others. They may be true Martyrs, that on who responsibility and suffering and pain befalls when something bad happens, but they are not going to let that stop them. They’re not ones to sacrifice themselves for naught, and they will Command Doom away time and time again to protect those they care about. Death, pain and suffering do not touch that which they love, and their sacrifice and pain may inspire others to follow after them and help them in the same way. Doom will only befall those who oppose the Muse.

**The Lord of Doom** would be one who Commands Doom for Themselves. Ushering Destruction upon everything they hate, they will Command the End of everything unsightly, and just like that, they may stave off their own Doom and that of those around them. They may be regulators, limiters, ensuring nothing gets out of control. The Lord of Doom should never be complacent though, those who break through their Limits may just overcome them, and when you’ve commanded the Doom of others, you’re bound to have enemies.